URL: https://www.usi.edu/administrative-assistants-and-associates/committees
cleanedDataText/administrative-assistants-and-associates_committees.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/administrative-assistants-and-associates/committees
Administrative Assistants and Associates

Committees

    Program and Supplies Committee:
        Responsible for inviting guest speakers or providing entertainment for each meeting.
        In charge of purchasing and storage of supplies used for organization events.
        The Vice-President serves as the Committee Chairperson.

    Special Projects/ Silent Auction Committee:
        Handles fundraising events and other special projects of the organization.

    Public Relations and Website Committee:
        Responsible for advertising and publicity of the organization.
        Maintains the Administrative Assistants & Associates website.
        Sends email invitations to members regarding meeting information.

    Gifts and Membership Committee:
        Selects a USI Logo gift or USI Bookstore Gift Certificate for retiring or terminating members with 10 years of service.
        Handles other organization contributions to recognize retiring members.
        Sends welcome letters to support staff and invites them to attend meetings as guests.
        Welcomes new support staff.
        Keeps up-to-date rosters of organization members and prospective members.
        The Treasurer is a member of the Gifts and Membership Committee.

    Scholarship Committee:
        Advertises for candidates campus-wide in November and December.
        Screens applications in January.
        Criteria for candidates include being a full-time undergraduate student, maintaining a 3.0 GPA, and being in need of financial assistance.
        Awards scholarships during the student's particular Honors program.
        Voting on candidates is done by paid organization members upon the committee's recommendation.

    Nominating Committee:
        Appointed by the President.
        Handles secret ballot voting of new officers.
        Offers a slate of candidates if there are not enough to run for each office.

    Photographer and Historian Committee:
        Photographer is in charge of all photography and keeps a digital photo album of organization events.
        Historian gathers and records the organization's history and maintains the scrapbook documenting important events.
        The scrapbook is stored in the Rice Library.

    Executive Committee:
        Composed of the current organization officers.
        Prepares an annual organization report of meetings and activities.

    By-Laws Committee:
        Responsible for reviewing proposed changes and preparing motions for membership approval.
        Monitors changes voted upon at meetings to ensure incorporation into the Constitution or By-Laws.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/administrative-assistants-and-associates/committees