URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/about-us
cleanedDataText/bursar_about-us.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/about-us
Bursar's Office

    Location: Lower level of the Orr Center
    Contact: 812-464-1842
    Email provided

Office Hours

Fall and Spring:

    Monday through Thursday: 8:15 am to 4:00 pm
    Friday: 8:15 am to 3:30 pm

Summer (effective May 8 through July 31):

    Monday through Thursday: 8:15 am to 12:30 pm, 1:30 pm to 4:00 pm
    Friday: 8:15 am to 12:30 pm, 1:30 pm to 3:30 pm

Responsibilities of the Bursar's Office

    Assessing student fees
    Billing students and third-party vendors
    Collection of fees and other University revenue
    Processing account refunds

Appointment Availability for Bill and Payment Questions

    Appointments are not required but can be scheduled for one-on-one advisement.
    Availability: Monday through Friday
    Contact the Bursar's Office to check availability or to schedule an appointment.

Policies and Procedures

University Money Handling Procedure

    The Bursar's Office is responsible for controlling, accounting for, and safeguarding cash at the University of Southern Indiana.
    Employees should not accept money in the name of the University without properly recording the income with an official University receipt.
    Departments approved to accept money must issue receipts and make daily deposits.
    Money includes currency, coin, checks, money orders, or cashier checks.
    Departments should record and document all transactions with an official University receipt.
    Deposit tickets or forms must be completed, subtotalling currency, coins, and credit cards.
    Sales involving tax or distributed sales among different Fund, Org, and Account (FOA) should be itemized on the deposit ticket or form.
    Departments with a safe may store their deposit until the next business day if completed after hours.
    Departments without a safe or approved locked storage must deliver the deposit the same business day.
    All checks should be made payable to the University of Southern Indiana.
    Departments must establish a separation of duties for cash handling.
    The Bursar's Office must receive all deposits of cash or checks, and departments should not send deposits through campus mail.
    Access to cash and combinations/keys to safes should be limited to authorized employees.
    Departments must complete the Daily Deposit Qualtrics form each business day.
    Departments should follow additional requirements for point of sales transactions and online store transactions.
    There is a Return Check Policy for payments that are returned for insufficient funds.

Information provided on how to schedule appointments, handle money, and complete various transactions in compliance with University policies and procedures.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/about-us