URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments
cleanedDataText/bursar_billing-and-payments.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments
Bursar's Office

About Us:

    Services provided by the Bursar's Office
    Information about Tuition and Fees
    Billing and Payments FAQs
    Non-Student Accounts Receivable
    Financial Care Team

Billing and Payments:

    Payment Methods
    Authorized Users
    Payment Plan
    Third-Party Sponsors
    Employer Deferment Program
    Understanding My Bill
    eRefunds

Contact Information:

    Location: Lower level of the Orr Center
    Phone: 812-464-1842
    Email provided on the site

Billing and Payment Schedule:

    Monthly student billing statements are sent by email to the student's USI email and their authorized users.
    Due dates are based on the student's enrollment date and are published on the student billing statement.
    Any balance not covered by a payment plan after the due date will be considered past due and result in a hold on the student's account.
    Payment deadlines for each semester are listed.
    Information on how to enroll in a payment plan and available options.

Request Info:
    Contact information and request form provided.

Visit:
    Contact information and visit request form provided.

Connect with USI:
    Links to social media channels: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram.

Contact USI:
    Contact information provided.

About USI:
    Overview of USI, including campus location and relevant information.

Campus Map:
    Link to view the campus map.

Virtual Tour:
    Link provided to take a virtual tour of the campus.

A-Z Sitemap:
    Link to access the sitemap.

Calendar:
    Link to view the academic calendar.

Employment:
    Link to USI employment opportunities.

Privacy Notice:
    Information regarding privacy policies.

Emergency Info:
    Information regarding emergency procedures.

A Carnegie Engaged University:
    Information regarding USI's classification as a Carnegie Engaged University.

© 2023 University of Southern Indiana
URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments