URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments/employer-deferment-program
cleanedDataText/bursar_billing-and-payments_employer-deferment-program.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments/employer-deferment-program
Bursar's Office - Employer Deferment Program

    About:
        The Employer Deferment Program allows students to enroll in classes at USI without paying for them upfront if they can verify that their tuition and/or fee charges will be reimbursed by their employers.
    
    How the Program Works:
        The program allows students with employer tuition reimbursement to defer their tuition bill until 30 days after grades are posted each semester.
        Students must complete a separate form each semester they have the benefit.
        Completing the form does not release the student from paying by the established due date each semester.
        Employers are not obligated to pay the university directly; the form verifies the student's participation and eligibility for their employer's tuition reimbursement program.

    Completing the Form:
        Each semester or online session, students should complete the Employer Tuition Deferment form.
        The form must be signed by an authorized representative within the student's company.
        If the employer does not email authorization of the form, tuition and fees will not be eligible for the program.
        The Bursar's Office will not process any forms missing employer deferral amount, employer authorization email, or student signature.

    Deferment Payment Deadlines:
        By participating in the program, the payment deadline is extended up to 30 days after the semester ends.
        Failure to pay by the deadline will result in a hold on the student's account.
        Full payment is required before registering for subsequent semesters and continuing in the program.

    Tuition Reimbursement Letter:
        Students needing a letter itemizing their tuition for reimbursement may request it by completing a request form.
        Processing time may take five to seven business days.
        Letters will be sent to the student's USI email address.

    Contact:
        Bursar's Office at bursar@usi.edu
        Location: Lower level of the Orr Center
        Phone: 812-464-1842
URL: https://www.usi.edu/bursar/billing-and-payments/employer-deferment-program