URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/accounting/vision-and-mission
cleanedDataText/business_accounting_vision-and-mission.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/accounting/vision-and-mission
Romain College of Business - Accounting Program

Vision, Mission, and Strategic Goals

Vision:
The accounting program strives to provide an exceptional learning experience in accounting and become the preferred source of professionally trained accountants in the region.

Mission:
The mission of the accounting program is to maintain excellence in teaching and prepare students for success as professionals and citizens. The program advocates for service and research opportunities responsive to evolving stakeholder needs. It embraces an inclusive approach to quality research, including basic, applied, and pedagogical research efforts.

Core Values:
1. Distinction: The program holds itself, students, and the institution in high esteem. It focuses on experiential learning, thought-provoking exercises, community engagement, and cutting-edge curriculum to provide learners with the most current and relevant skills and knowledge.
2. Passion for excellence: The program regularly assesses current business behavior and curriculum relevance. It seeks to provide students with the necessary business education to perform at the highest levels in both business and society.
3. Integrity: The program teaches and demonstrates strong ethical values in business, including honesty, trustworthiness, loyalty, fairness, concern for others, respect for others, and respect for the law.
4. Diversity and Inclusion: The program recognizes the importance of equity and inclusivity. It strives to create an environment where diverse participants are respected as individuals and empowered to challenge prevailing thoughts and practices.

Strategic Priorities:
1. Increase the number of accounting majors.
2. Enhance the reputation of the Accounting Program.
3. Improve diversity within the Accounting Program.

Contact Information: BE1015, 812-464-1718, Email

Social Media Channels: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn
URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/accounting/vision-and-mission