URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/mba/accolades-and-testimonials
cleanedDataText/business_mba_accolades-and-testimonials.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/mba/accolades-and-testimonials
Romain College of Business, University of Southern Indiana (USI)

    Programs Offered:
        Accounting
        Business Administration
        Computer Information Systems
        Computer Science
        Economics
        Finance
        Management
        Marketing
        Master of Business Administration
        Certificate Programs

    Master of Business Administration (MBA):

        Orientation, Schedule, and Course Descriptions available.
        FAQ section for common questions about the MBA program.
        Information on how to apply.
        MBA program goals and objectives.
        Resources and support available to MBA students.
        Registering for classes information.
        Online Accelerated Program details.

    Contact Information:
        Location: BE 1015
        Phone: 812-464-1926
        Email provided on the site.

    Social Media Channels: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn.

    Recent Accolades for the MBA Program:
        Ranked as one of the best online MBA programs by U.S. News & World Report.
        Recognized as one of the nation's most affordable Master's programs in Accounting, Engineering Management, and Project Management by OnlineU.
        Ranked as one of the best online MBA programs by Fortune.
        Ranked by EduMed as one of the best MBA programs in Healthcare Management.
        Rated as one of the best Human Resource Degree Programs by Intelligent.com.
        Recognized as the best online MBA program in Indiana by College Consensus.
        Ranked among the largest graduate business programs in Indiana by Indiana Business Journal.

    Testimonials from MBA program graduates:
        Testimonials from various students highlight their positive experiences with the MBA program at USI. They discuss how the program has benefited their careers, expanded their skills, and provided flexibility in learning.

    Additional information about specific achievements, testimonials, and updates can be found on the Romain College of Business social media channels and the official website.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/mba/accolades-and-testimonials