URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/computer-information-systems/program-objectives-and-student-outcomes
cleanedDataText/business_computer-information-systems_program-objectives-and-student-outcomes.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/computer-information-systems/program-objectives-and-student-outcomes
Romain College of Business - Computer Information Systems (CIS) Program

Mission:
The CIS Program's mission is to prepare students to identify and analyze business opportunities, utilize information technology in business process management, and provide operational and strategic IT solutions.

Program Objectives:
1. Introduce students to relevant business information technologies, teamwork, and decision making for integrating business processes with IT.
2. Provide students with an understanding of the strategic use of IT.
3. Prepare students to use the systems development life cycle to develop computer-based information systems.
4. Equip students with the ability to analyze IT security policy technologies and practices.
5. Provide students with web development and object-oriented programming skills.
6. Develop students' database skills for data analysis, design, and administration.
7. Provide students with knowledge of data communications networks and future developments.
8. Prepare students for the development of computer-based systems projects.

Student Outcomes (Competencies):
1. Use computer-based information systems and technologies to solve business problems.
2. Analyze business scenarios and recommend strategic use of IT.
3. Apply various forms of the systems development life cycle.
4. Identify and mitigate risks associated with the security of organizational data.
5. Implement web-based business applications.
6. Utilize database designs, SQL, and advanced techniques for databases.
7. Understand hardware and software that make networks more efficient.
8. Complete a computer-based systems project from request to implementation.

Program Performance Criteria:
Objective 1: Assignments, labs, quizzes, exams, Major Field Test, SIM game performance and presentation.
Objective 2: Case analysis (written and oral), exams, Major Field Test.
Objective 3: Case analysis (written and oral), exams, Major Field Test.
Objective 4: Labs, exercises, projects, exams, senior project, Major Field Test.
Objective 5: Exercises, projects, exams, Major Field Test.
Objective 6: Labs, assignments, exams.
Objective 7: Labs, assignments, exams, cases, projects.
Objective 8: Senior project.

Contact Information:
BE1015
812-464-1718
Email provided on the site.

Social Media Channels:
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/business/computer-information-systems/program-objectives-and-student-outcomes