URL: https://www.usi.edu/business-office/monthly-reports/accessing-monthly-reports
cleanedDataText/business-office_monthly-reports_accessing-monthly-reports.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/business-office/monthly-reports/accessing-monthly-reports
Business Office

    Monthly Reports
        Real Time Financial Information
        Accessing Monthly Reports

    Annual Reports

    Forms and Documents

    Accounts Payable

    Business Office Accounting

    Bursar

    Contact Information:
        Orr Center, OC 0029
        Phone: 812-464-1967
        Email provided on the site

Accessing Monthly Reports

To access monthly finance reports through Banner Self Service:

    Log onto the Internet and go to www.usi.edu.
    Click on the MyUSI link in the lower left hand corner.
    Click on the Sign In link in the upper right hand corner of the MyUSI start page.
    Ensure that the Self Service icon is highlighted and enter your User Name and Password.
    Click Sign In and then the Finance tab.
    To view standard finance reports click the Finance Report Selection link.
    Indicate your preferences if you are looking for a specific month, report, fund, or orgn. Otherwise, leave blank.
    Click Submit.
    If fewer choices are desired, make selection(s) in step 9 to filter results.
    To select a report, click the View link in the Selection column.
    This will open a new window with the report shown.
    Note: If selecting XLS reports, there may be a warning box stating that the report is not in the correct format. Click Yes to open the file.
    To print reports from Microsoft Excel 2007:
        Select the Page Layout tab, click Orientation from the Page Setup group, and then click Landscape.
        On the Page Layout tab, select 1 page from the Width drop down box in the Scale to Fit group.
        Click the Microsoft Office button and select Print.
    To print reports from previous versions of Microsoft Excel:
        Select Page Setup from the File menu.
        On the Page tab, select the radio button for Fit to. Enter 1 in the box for Page(s) wide. Highlight 1 in the box for Tall and delete it, leaving this box blank. Click okay.
        Select Print from the file menu.
    Useful Tips:
        The choices in the drop-down lists for Chart, Fund, and Organization are based on your access according to Banner security.
        The Calendar Period selection lists only the values where reports exist. This may not correspond to reports you can view due to Banner security.
        Expand the window to full-screen size for better viewing.
        Once viewing the report in Excel, you can save a copy to your computer using the usual options.

Note: Windows 7 users may need to adjust settings in Excel to print chosen reports (instructions provided).


URL: https://www.usi.edu/business-office/monthly-reports/accessing-monthly-reports