URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-store/archies-book-bundle
cleanedDataText/campus-store_archies-book-bundle.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-store/archies-book-bundle
Archie's Book Bundle

    Contact: University Center West, Phone: 812-464-1717, Email provided on the site.

    Program Overview:
        Archie's Book Bundle is a program that provides course materials and textbook rentals to students.
        Benefits:
            Receive all required course materials before the first day of class.
            Save 35-50% on the cost of course materials each term.
            Personalized concierge service.
            Bundle price is based on $24 per credit hour enrolled.
        
    How it Works:

    For Students:
        REGISTER FOR CLASSES:
            Students are automatically enrolled in Archie's Book Bundle when they register for courses.
        VERIFY YOUR ORDER:
            30 days before the first day of classes, students receive an email to verify their order and select their preferred fulfillment option.
        RECEIVE YOUR TEXTBOOKS:
            Email notification is sent when the course materials are ready for pickup or when they ship. Digital materials are delivered via Blackboard.

    Frequently Asked Questions:

    For Students:
        What is Archie's Book Bundle program?
        How does it work?
        Which students have access to Archie's Book Bundle?
        How do I enroll in the program?
        What is the cost?
        How do I pay for my textbook rentals under this program?
        How much money can I expect to save with the Archie's Book Bundle program?
        Can I opt out of the program?
        Can I participate for some of my classes and opt-out for other classes?
        I am a distance education student and/or unable to visit the USI Campus Store, how can I participate?
        What if I drop or add a class?
        Will I have to take action on Archie's Book Bundle every semester?
        What is included in the program?
        What is excluded from the program?
        Can I buy my rented textbook?
        Do I need to return books if they are for a continuation course?
        What happens if I do not return the books by the due date?
        When are my textbook rentals due back to the USI Campus Store?
        Can I purchase course materials at the USI Campus Store if I opt out of Archie's Book Bundle?
        Do I need to do anything if none of my courses require textbooks?
        How much are course materials without the bundle?
        How do students opt-out?

    For Faculty:
        What is Archie's Book Bundle?
        How does Archie's Book Bundle benefit students?
        What roles do faculty have in the program?
        Will faculty have to change their course materials currently being used?
        Can a student opt out of the Archie's Book Bundle program?
        How can we be sure that this will provide competitive book costs for our students?
        What if my teaching assignment changes?
        What happens if a student drops/adds a course?
        If I adopt Open Education Resources or don’t require a textbook, do my students still have to pay the fee?

    Contact: 8600 University Blvd, Evansville, IN 47712, Phone: 812-464-8600, Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-store/archies-book-bundle