URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/fundraising-sales-and-solicitation
cleanedDataText/campus-life_student-organizations_policiesforms_fundraising-sales-and-solicitation.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/fundraising-sales-and-solicitation
Fundraising, Sales, and Solicitation for Student Organizations

    Purpose:
        Fundraising, sales, and solicitation activities by officially registered and recognized campus organizations.
        Activities must be for the general benefit of the University and/or the community and follow University policies.
        Mass emailing is not allowed for selling, solicitation, or fundraising.

    Authorization and Approval: 
        Must be initiated with the Center for Campus Life.
        Approval must be received before starting activities, even if reserving University space.

    Definitions:
        Sales: Selling or offering for sale any property or service.
        Solicitation: Making a request or plea for a cause or philanthropy, including gift or contribution receipt or request.
        Fundraising: Organized activity/event for raising funds and/or property.

    Authorization does not imply University endorsement of the product or service.

    Guidelines and Restrictions:
        Fundraising activities must not violate state law, including drawings, raffles, half-pots, bingo, lotteries, charity game nights, or schemes for prize distribution.
        Adhere to University and USI Foundation policies.
        All solicitation of private funds must be coordinated through the USI Foundation.
        Solicitation approval should be requested at least four (4) weeks in advance.
        Student organizations are not allowed to conduct sales, solicitation, or fundraising at athletic events.
        All donations must be deposited with the USI Foundation.
        Checks should be made out to USI Foundation with the student organization name indicated.

    Givebacks:
        Local restaurants can partner with student organizations for fundraising events.
        USI tax exemption certificate is provided by the University to the business upon request.

    Taking Payment:
        Cash, check, portable credit card machines (available for check-out from the Bursar's Office).
        Use of payment collection sites like Venmo or Square is prohibited.

    Depositing Funds:
        Use the deposit form located on the accounts payable webpage.
        Cash should be deposited within 1 business day of receipt.
        Checks should be delivered to the USI Foundation Accounting office or sent directly to the USI Foundation.

    Bake Sale Guidelines:
        Bake sales allowed for recognized or registered student organizations.
        Limited to events where home or commercially prepared bakery-type items are sold.
        Guidelines for food preparation, labeling, display, storage, ingredient transparency, safety, and sanitation apply.

    Tax Considerations with Student Organization Sales:
        Student organizations must pay tax on certain purchased items or services.
        Collect tax for certain receipts as required by state law.
        Follow tax spreadsheet provided by the Center for Campus Life.
        Remit funds and associated collected tax to the Cashier's window.

    Licensing and Trademark:
        USI licensing program ensures consistent and appropriate use of trademarks.
        Manufacturers and vendors must be licensed through Leerfield to produce products with USI marks.
        Visit USI.edu/brand/licensing-and-trademark for more information.

Contact Information:
    Center for Campus Life
    University Center East, UC 0235
    Phone: 812-228-5107
    Email: [email address provided]
URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/fundraising-sales-and-solicitation