URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/fraternity-and-sorority-life/resources-faq/terminology
cleanedDataText/campus-life_fraternity-and-sorority-life_resources-faq_terminology.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/fraternity-and-sorority-life/resources-faq/terminology
Terminology in Fraternity and Sorority Life

Active: A formal initiated member of a fraternity or sorority.

Alumnae: A sorority member who has graduated from college.

Alumnus: A fraternity member who has graduated from college.

Badge (pin): The insignia that designates membership in a Greek organization.

Bid: A formal invitation to join a Greek organization.

Big Brother/Big Sister: An active member assigned to be the personal mentor for a new member.

Brother: Term used when referring to other members of a fraternity.

Call/Chant: Vocal sound used by members of cultural based Greek organizations to acknowledge one another.

Chapter: Name for the local organization of a national fraternity/sorority.

Chapter Advisor: Alumnus/alumnae or faculty/staff member who provides guidance to the organization.

Colony: A newly formed affiliate of a national organization that has not yet received its charter.

Crossed: The date of initiation into a cultural Greek organization. Represents the symbolic "crossing of the burning sands."

Fraternity: A Greek organization for men.

Greek: A member of a fraternity or sorority.

Hazing: Mental or physical abuse or harassment of a member. Prohibited by university policy and national fraternity/sorority policies.

Intake: The membership recruitment and induction process for historically African-American fraternities and sororities.

Initiation: The traditional ritual that brings a new member into full membership.

Legacy: A prospective member who has a family member in the same fraternity or sorority.

Line: The members of a cultural Greek organization new member class.

Neophyte: A new member of a cultural Greek organization.

New Member/Associate: A member who has not been initiated. Also referred to as a pledge, associate, candidate, or line brother/sister.

New Member Education Process: The period in which candidates for active membership learn about the organization and participate in activities.

New Member Pin: Pin that designates a new member of a Greek organization.

New Member Recruitment: The continuous process of recruiting members for a Greek organization.

Philanthropy: Charitable organization(s) supported by the chapter through donations and volunteer hours.

Recruitment: The membership recruitment process. Potential New Members are sometimes referred to as Rushees.

Recruitment Counselor/Rho Sigma: A disaffiliated member who assists potential members through the recruitment process (in Panhellenic sororities).

Ritual: Traditional secret ceremonies of a chapter.

Potential New Member (PNM): Term for men or women being recruited by a Greek organization.

Sister: Term used when referring to other members of a sorority.

Sorority: A Greek organization for women.

Strict Silence: Not discussing recruitment with non-members outside of recruitment events.

Stroll/Step Show: Line dance performed by members of cultural Greek organizations.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/fraternity-and-sorority-life/resources-faq/terminology