URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/organization-resources
cleanedDataText/campus-life_student-organizations_organization-resources.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/organization-resources
Center for Campus Life

Location & Operations:

    Located on the ground floor of the University Center East, near the Performance Center and behind the Student Life Lounge.
    Center front desk staffed by a student assistant during operating hours.
    After hours, organizations can request access through the card swipe system.

Storage Lockers:

    Over 45 lockers available for student organization use.
    Lockers are allocated on an as-needed basis.
    Accessible whenever the University Center is open using a card swipe key access system.
    To request a locker, fill out the Student Organization Mailbox/Locker Request Form.

Mailboxes:

    Mailboxes located in the Center for Campus Life (Lower Level of UC East).
    Accessible Monday-Thursday (8am-7pm) and Fridays (8am-4:30pm).
    Mailboxes accessed via combination lock.
    Mailbox combinations issued to the organization's president.
    Mailing address format provided on the website.

Meeting Space & Pool Table:

    Informal and formal meeting spaces available to student and student groups.
    Formal conference room must be reserved 48 hours in advance.
    Billiard table available for student use.
    Access to equipment and supplies available when the center is open.

Loaned Items:

    Items available for checkout to student organizations.
    Request use of items through the Student Organization Resource Checkout.
    Available items include board games, art supplies, yard games, food machines, athletic equipment, balls, pop-up tents, small carnival games, and more.

Printing/Copying:

    Free printing/copying services provided to registered or recognized student organizations.
    Eligible for 30 black & white prints and 10 color prints per week.
    Prints and copies available during the academic year when the center is open.
    Must be used for student organization business only.

EagleSync:

    Powered by Presence, used for student engagement on campus.
    Allows promotion of events, attendance tracking, managing organization activities, and more.
    Admin support available through the help button in the portal.

Updating Organization Information:

    Visit the Organizations Admin Dashboard in EagleSync to update information or roster.
    Information, including creating events and event check-in, is available on the website.

Other Contact Information:

    Center for Campus Life Facebook page (link provided on the website).
    Center for Campus Life Twitter page (link provided on the website).
    Center for Campus Life YouTube page (link provided on the website).
    Contact: University Center East, UC 0235, Phone: 812-228-5107, Email provided on the website.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/organization-resources