URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/campus-posting
cleanedDataText/campus-life_student-organizations_policiesforms_campus-posting.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/campus-posting
Campus Posting Policies

Posting on campus is restricted to the following groups: University campus groups, organizations, University departments, students, faculty, and staff. Non-University firms or organizations may request permission in writing from the Dean of Students.

Posting Limitations:

    Only activities open to the student body may be posted.
    Events must have a direct relationship to the educational purpose of the University or provide exceptional or beneficial service to students, faculty, and staff.
    All postings must have the name of the sponsoring group or organization.
    All postings must follow the designated policies and procedures.

Where to Post:

    Bulletin Boards: Use pushpins or thumbtacks on bulletin boards. Flyers and posters may not exceed 22" x 30".
    Designated Bulletin Boards: Available for University campus groups, organizations, University departments, students, faculty, staff, and approved non-University firms or organizations.
    Restricted Bulletin Boards: Under the jurisdiction of a specific college, department, or administrative office and restricted to their use only. Permission may be obtained to use these bulletin boards.
    Open Posting Area: Located inside the University Center East boulevard entrance and available for posting by anyone without permission.

Banners:

    Registered or recognized student organizations and University departments may hang banners on the University Center in designated locations.
    Banner size should not exceed a standard twin-sized sheet (66" x 96") and must hang vertically.
    Banners cannot contain wood or metal and must utilize appropriate weights.
    Banners not picked up within five working days will be discarded.

Staked Signs ("Yard Signs")/A-Frames:

    Registered student organizations and University departments may use staked signs and A-frames in specified lawn areas along sidewalks and roadways. Signs must not block or overhang walkways, driveways, or streets.
    Signs must be placed in grassy areas and approximately 18 inches or more from the sidewalk.
    Permanent signs are not permitted on University premises.

Table Tents:

    Registered student organizations and University departments may utilize table tents in the University Center with permission from Special Events and Scheduling Services.
    Table tents must state the sponsoring University department or student organization and stand completely upright.

Chalking:

    Registered student organizations and University departments may use chalking to promote scheduled events on outdoor concrete (non-brick) sidewalk areas.
    No spray chalk or chalk pens may be used, and no chalking is allowed on buildings or walls/ramps.
    Only brands of chalk identified as sidewalk chalk should be used.
    Lewd, hateful, derogatory, or changeable designs are not permitted.
    Counter-chalking and chalking paint are prohibited.

Handbills/Flyers:

    Registered and recognized student organizations, University departments, and sponsored non-University firms and organizations may distribute literature/handbills on campus.
    Distribution must comply with the campus posting policy and not obstruct pedestrian or vehicular traffic.
    Discarded literature must be picked up by the sponsoring group.
    Distribution is not allowed inside University buildings.

University Center Display Cases:

    Student organizations and University departments may reserve designated display cases in the University Center for promoting their organization or events.
    Display cases can be reserved for up to three (3) weeks with a limit of two display cases at one given time.
    Display cases must be cleaned out by the end of the reservation period.

Additional resources and maps for promoting events are available on the USI website.

Contact:
Center for Campus Life
University Center East, UC 0235
Phone: 812-228-5107
Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/campus-life/student-organizations/policiesforms/campus-posting