URL: https://www.usi.edu/cap/for-students-parents
cleanedDataText/cap_for-students-parents.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/cap/for-students-parents
College Achievement Program (CAP) - Students and Parents Guide

    How to Apply to CAP:
        Nuts and Bolts of CAP Slideshow (available on CAP homepage)
        AP vs. CAP (Dual Credit): Explains the differences between CAP and Advanced Placement (AP) courses.

    Transferability of CAP Credits and CORE Transfer Library:
        Students should contact the institution they plan to attend to determine if CAP credits will transfer.
        Public institutions in Indiana have the Core Transfer Library (CTL) for credit transfer.
            The CTL ensures transferability of CAP courses if an equivalent course exists and the student has earned a satisfactory grade.
            TransferIN.net can be used to search the CTL and find out how CAP courses transfer.

    Credit Transfer to Private Schools and Out-of-State Schools:
        Private and out-of-state schools usually accept dual credit transfers.
        Students should contact the registrar's office, admissions office, or academic school of the institution to confirm credit transfer.

    How to Use MyUSI:
        MyUSI is an online portal that provides access to USI student resources.
        CAP students should activate their myUSI account to access student email, view grades, and request transcripts.

    Academic Skills:
        CAP students have access to tutoring services provided by USI's Academic Skills department.
        Tutoring is available for CAP courses and can be scheduled either in-person or online.

    Advising Information:
        Includes information on billing, withdrawal, refund calendar, and paying CAP bills.

    Thinking About USI or Other Universities:
        Information on applying to USI and requesting transcripts for credit transfer.
        Senior Checklist for graduating high school seniors.

    Contact Information provided.

Note: Some information in the text is not contextual and may not be formatted correctly (e.g. website links, social media icons).
URL: https://www.usi.edu/cap/for-students-parents