URL: https://www.usi.edu/cetl/teaching-and-learning/copus-observations
cleanedDataText/cetl_teaching-and-learning_copus-observations.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/cetl/teaching-and-learning/copus-observations
Center for Excellence in Teaching and Learning

    Calendar of Events
    Newsletter
    Teaching and Learning Scholarship and Research
    Professional Development
    Faculty Learning Communities
    New Faculty Resources

About

    Contact Us

Teaching and Learning

    Developing the Syllabus
    AI Tools and Teaching
    COPUS Observations
    FACT Program
    Individual Consultations
    Open Class Celebration
    Teaching and Learning Symposium
    Teaching Nests
    Teaching Resources

COPUS Observations

Goal: To gather information on what is happening during a class period for self-reflection and improvement of teaching.

    COPUS (Classroom Observation Protocol for Undergraduate STEM) focuses on active learning practices in STEM disciplines.
    Observations are non-evaluative and intended to assist instructors with their own reflective teaching.
    Instructors voluntarily request COPUS observations.
    Observations are conducted by trained COPUS consultants from different departments.
    Observations are not used for evaluation purposes.
    Requesting an Observation: Instructors can request a COPUS observation for their own course.
    Process: After the request, a trained consultant will be assigned to observe a class and discuss the observation data with the instructor.

Resources for COPUS Observations:

    COPUS Protocol: Information on the COPUS protocol for classroom observations.
    Active Learning: An Introduction: Brief on active learning by R.M. Felder and R. Brent.
    Active Learning Increases Student Performance in Science, Engineering, and Mathematics: Meta-analysis paper by S. Freeman et al.

To schedule a COPUS observation for a class, instructors can complete a request form.

Contact: University Center East, Room UC 2260, Phone: 812-461-5476, Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/cetl/teaching-and-learning/copus-observations