URL: https://www.usi.edu/commencement/usi-career-services-and-internships
cleanedDataText/commencement_usi-career-services-and-internships.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/commencement/usi-career-services-and-internships
Career Services and Internships

    Career Resources for Students
        Internships and Co-Ops
        Career Fairs and Events
        Career Launch/Symplicity
    Information for Employers
    Information for Faculty/Staff
    Career Ready Competencies
    Career Outcomes
    Frequently Asked Questions

Contact Information:

    Location: Orr Center, OC 074
    Phone: 812-464-1865
    Email: Provided on the site
    Social Media Channels: Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn

Events:

    Collaboration with other on-campus departments to provide career exploration and networking events for students.
    Attendance at career and professional development events is strongly encouraged.
    Students can view and register for these events on their USI Career Launch account.

Appointments:

    Meeting with a USI Career Coordinator is essential for career development throughout college.
    1:1 appointments are offered for various career-related needs such as resume review, job and internship search, interview preparation, social media review, and LinkedIn development.
    Appointments can be scheduled through the student's Career Launch account.

Career Launch:

    Online career preparation tools and resources available to students.
    Access to job and internship postings, video mock interviews, career planning pathways, internship progress tracking, career research, and appointment scheduling with a USI Career Coordinator.
    Employers can also post their internship or job opportunities through Career Launch.

USI Internship and Career Fair:

    Date: Tuesday, September 19, 2023
    Time: 2-5 p.m.
    Location: Screaming Eagles Arena
    All grade levels and majors are encouraged to attend.

Student Resources:

    Resources available for students to explore potential career paths and majors.
    Can schedule an appointment with a Career Coordinator for personalized guidance.

Employer Resources:

    Information and resources for employers to engage with USI students and post job or internship opportunities.

What Can I Do With This Major?:

    Information and suggestions for career options related to different majors.
    Students can schedule an appointment with a Career Coordinator for further assistance.

Career Outcomes:

    Graduates are encouraged to complete the Graduate Survey to share their post-graduation plans.
    The survey helps provide employment data for current and incoming students.
    Data includes information on employers, salary, job titles, and graduate school.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/commencement/usi-career-services-and-internships