URL: https://www.usi.edu/counseling-and-psychological-services/other-resources/resources-for-students
cleanedDataText/counseling-and-psychological-services_other-resources_resources-for-students.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/counseling-and-psychological-services/other-resources/resources-for-students
Resources for Students

Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS)

    Contact:
        Orr Center, OC 1051
        Phone: 812-464-1867
        Email

    Emergency/Crisis Information
    Book an Appointment
    Accessing CAPS Services
    Other Resources

    Meet Our Team
    Other Resources:
        Resources for Students
        Resources for Staff and Faculty
        Resources for Parents and Families
        Resources for the Community
        Resources for Student Veterans

Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS)

    Contact:
        Orr Center, OC 1051
        Phone: 812-464-1867
        Email

    YouTube (opens in new tab)
    Instagram (opens in new tab)

Need a Referral?

    Referrals are available to students when their needs go beyond the scope of services provided at the Counseling Center or when they prefer counseling off-campus. Here are some resources to help find a therapist. Please note that the Counseling Center does not endorse or guarantee the quality of treatment received from these resources.

    Find a Counselor
    Online Screenings

        USI students can take screenings anytime to assess if they need counseling.
        Additional screenings are available.

    Alcohol eCHECKUP TO GO

        An online survey about alcohol use that provides personalized feedback and resources.

    Alcohol & Drug Information

        USI's Alcohol & Drug Prevention page provides factual information and resources about alcohol and marijuana.

    Community Resources

        Additional community resources for counseling and assistance are available.

Wellness

    Wellness focuses on positive health, developing a strong sense of well-being, and balancing different aspects of life. More information about campus wellness initiatives can be found on the Recreation, Fitness, and Wellness website.

Cultural, Ethnic, and Religious Diversity

    Black Student Union (BSU)

        A student organization promoting the recognition and involvement of African American students at USI.

    Hispanic Student Union/Latinos Unidos (HSU/LU)

        A student organization promoting the recognition and involvement of Hispanic and Latino students at USI.

    South Asian Student Association

        A student organization promoting the recognition and involvement of South Asian students at USI.

    Fraternities & Sororities

        USI offers fraternities and sororities for students interested in Greek life.

Additional USI Resources

    Multicultural Center

        The Multicultural Center aims to develop diversity awareness within students.

    Religious Life

        Provides religious guidance and worship opportunities for students, faculty, and staff.

    LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, & Questioning)

        USI Student Group: Sexuality and Gender Alliance (S.A.G.A.)

            A student organization promoting equality and support for LGBTQ individuals and allies.

    Sexual Assault, Domestic/Intimate Partner Violence, Harassment, & Stalking

        Institutional Equity Office: Title IX, Sexual Assault, and Gender Violence

        Sexual Assault

            Information on sexual assault, what consent means, and what to do if you've been assaulted.

        Domestic & Intimate Partner Violence

            Information on recognizing signs of domestic violence and seeking help.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/counseling-and-psychological-services/other-resources/resources-for-students