URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/student-rights-responsibilities/purpose-and-application
cleanedDataText/dean-of-students_student-rights-responsibilities_purpose-and-application.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/student-rights-responsibilities/purpose-and-application
Student Rights and Responsibilities: A Code of Student Behavior

Section 1: Purpose and Application

Purpose and Application: The University of Southern Indiana (USI) is a learning community dedicated to excellence. All USI students have rights, privileges, and opportunities as members of the community. In order to live and learn harmoniously, students must assume responsibility for their actions and respect the rights of others. The Student Rights and Responsibilities serves as the guiding document for community standards at USI, outlining the rights and responsibilities of students.

Student Conduct Process: The student conduct process at USI is not intended to punish students, but rather to protect the interests of the community and challenge behavior that is not in accordance with university policies. Sanctions are meant to challenge students' decision-making and help them align their behavior with community expectations. In cases where a student cannot conform their behavior to community standards, the student conduct process may determine that the student should no longer be part of the community.

Difference from Legal Proceedings: Students should understand that the student conduct process is different from criminal and civil court proceedings. While fairness is ensured in the procedures and rights of student conduct procedures, they do not provide the same level of due process protection as the courts. Due process in these procedures ensures written notice and a hearing before an objective decision-maker. A student will only be found in violation of university/college policy if it is more likely than not that a violation occurred, and any sanctions imposed will be proportionate to the severity of the violation and the student's conduct history.

Approval and Implementation: This Student Rights and Responsibilities document was approved by Dean Laurie Berry on August 14, 2023, and implemented on August 15, 2023.

For more information, visit the Student Rights and Responsibilities Homepage.

Contact: University Center East, UC 1256, Phone: 812-464-1862, Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/student-rights-responsibilities/purpose-and-application