URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/care-team-reporting-form
cleanedDataText/dean-of-students_care-team-reporting-form.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/care-team-reporting-form
CARE Team Reporting Form

Thank you for taking the time to report your concerns about a member of the USI community. Please note that this email is not monitored 24/7. If you believe the situation requires immediate attention, such as a student presenting harm to themselves or others, please call Public Safety at 812-492-7777. They can assist all students.

If there is a safety concern for the student or any member of the USI community, please contact Public Safety, as they can evaluate and triage situations quickly.

If your report falls under our Civil Rights and Sexual Misconduct policy (Title IX), please use the report form found on this page: www.usi.edu/stopsexualassault.

Please be aware that CARE team reports are part of a student's educational record and are protected by FERPA. Reports may be released if a student requests a copy.

Reporter:

- Full name:
- Faculty, staff, or student:
- Phone number:
- Email:

Nature of concern (Choose one):

- Academic
- Behavioral/Social
- General Concern
- COVID-19 related concern

Time of incident:
Specific location:

Involved Parties:
List the student(s) involved, including as much information as possible. For non-students, please include any available ID information. Use "Add another person" for additional individuals who may be willing to speak with the CARE Team about similar concerns.

Areas of Concern:
Please check all that apply and provide a description of the incident(s) or student contact in the space provided. Answer the questions objectively and to the best of your ability.

- ACADEMIC: Poor performance, not attending class, class disturbance, missed exam/assignments, concern after a bad grade or class incident.
- GENERAL: Concern about another student, concerning behavior, mental health, personal illness, relationship issues, unresponsive to outreach, other (please explain below).
- BEHAVIORAL: Alcohol use/abuse, other drug use, general conduct, off-campus incident, roommate conflict, unwelcome behavior, other (please explain below).

Identify any implied or direct threats to self or others, including any threatening statements made online, in journals, or written assignments. Report immediate safety concerns to the Office of Public Safety by dialing x7777 before submitting this form.

Do you or the individual(s) involved have any academic concerns related to online instruction? (Yes/No)
If yes, please describe the nature of the concern in detail.

Please share as much detail as possible about the concerns you have.

Have you connected with the student(s) about your concerns? (Yes/No)
If yes, please describe the nature of that contact.

Please provide any further information that you believe is relevant to share.

Supporting Documentation:
You may attach photos, videos, emails, and other supporting documents below. The total size of attachments cannot exceed 5GB. Please be patient after submitting the form, as attachments require time to upload. There is an option to receive a copy of this report via email.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/dean-of-students/care-team-reporting-form