URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources
cleanedDataText/disability-resources.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources
Disability Resources at University of Southern Indiana (USI)

    Location: Science Center, room 2206
    Email: Provided on the site
    Facebook page and YouTube channel available

Mission: USI Disability Resources (DR) coordinates services and academic accommodations for students with disabilities to ensure equal access to facilities, programs, services, and resources of the University. They review documentation for eligibility, collaborate with students to determine appropriate accommodations, assist with implementation, offer support and guidance, and advocate for access as needed.

Information For...

    Faculty
    Current Students
    Incoming Students
    Parents

Getting Started:

To receive academic accommodations, follow these steps:

1. Contact Disability Resources (DR): Call or visit their office to inform them about your request for accommodations and to discuss the process. They will guide you on the necessary documentation. Schedule an appointment at 812-464-1961.

2. Submit Documentation: Provide disability-related documentation that explains how your disability impacts your daily life and academic performance. Use the Verification of Disability form when requesting documentation from a professional. Visit the Documentation Guidelines page for more information.

3. Meet with a Disability Resources Coordinator: Once you've submitted your documentation, a coordinator will work with you to determine appropriate academic services and accommodations based on your functional limitations in the academic setting. They will prepare letters listing the approved accommodations for you to provide to your instructors.

Common Accommodations:

    Extra time on exams
    Reduced distraction testing area for exams
    Readers/scribes
    Note takers
    Alternative format textbooks
    Sign language interpreters
    Use of a recorder
    Enlarged materials

Epi-Hab Endowment to Support Students with Disabilities:

The Epi-Hab Endowment supports campus accessibility, faculty and student research on disability-related topics, and creates learning and employment opportunities for students with disabilities through collaboration with local resources. Scholarships are awarded based on grades, community service, recommendations, and an essay on how the student plans to positively impact disability issues.

Epi-Hab Endowment Staff:

- Ms. Michele R. Barnett: Senior Administrative Assistant
- Ms. Michelle D. Kirk: Manager of Disability Resources
- Mr. Keith A. Scheller: Disability Resources Coordinator

Equal Opportunity Policy: USI is committed to complying with non-discrimination and equal opportunity laws related to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or veteran status. Questions or concerns should be directed to the Affirmative Action Officer at the USI Human Resources Department.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources