URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources/incoming-student-information/placement-testing-information
cleanedDataText/disability-resources_incoming-student-information_placement-testing-information.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources/incoming-student-information/placement-testing-information
Placement Testing Information

    Incoming Student Information

        Most incoming students will be required to take placement exams prior to attending orientation.
        These exams are used to determine the math and English courses students need to take during their first semester at USI.
        Placement exams are available for math, English, reading, and foreign language.
        Information about which tests students must take can be found on the Academic Skills website.
        The website also provides information on how to prepare for the exams.
        Upon signing up for orientation, students will receive a packet of information that includes the required placement exams.
        It is important to take the exams before attending orientation.
    
    Steps to Access the USI Placement Testing Website:

        Go to the Academic Skills website.
        Click on "placement testing" in the left-hand column.
        Click on "scheduling your test" in the left-hand column to learn about options and locations for taking the exams.
    
    Scheduling Placement Exams:

        It is recommended to schedule placement exams at least two weeks prior to orientation.
        The reading and math exams are untimed, while the writing exam is timed.
        Students with accommodations for the writing exam should follow these steps:
            Contact USI Disability Resources at 812-464-1961.
            Submit proper documentation to USI Disability Resources.
            Wait for approval of the documentation from the Disability Resources Office.
            Call Academic Skills at (812)464-1743 to schedule an appointment for the writing exam.

    Contact Information:
        8600 University Blvd, Evansville, IN 47712
        Phone: 812-464-8600
        Email: provided on the site.

    Social Media Channels: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/disability-resources/incoming-student-information/placement-testing-information