URL: https://www.usi.edu/distribution/bulk-mail
cleanedDataText/distribution_bulk-mail.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/distribution/bulk-mail
USI Distribution Services

    Services Offered:

        Mail Preparation & Processing (Bulk Mail): Supports the marketing efforts of the University by preparing mass mailings designed by various colleges, departments, and programs.
        Secure Warehousing & Fulfillment Services: Provides secure warehousing and fulfillment services.
        Distribution: Collection & Delivery Services and Outbound Shipment Processing Services.

    Contact Information:

        Phone: 812-464-1823
        Email: Provided on the site

    Bulk Mailing Requirements:

        Approval of proposed content by Distribution Services prior to printing.
        Minimum volume of 200 pieces or 15 pounds.
        Presort of the mailing list by Distribution Services prior to addressing (not the same as zip order).
        NCOA address changes appended to the mailing list by Distribution Services prior to addressing.
        Address must contain a USPS compliant barcode.
        Contact Distribution Services prior to printing any "pre-addressed components" for mailing at bulk prices.

    List Processing:

        Utilizes specialized software to process lists and qualify for USPS postage discounts.
        Provides presort services and National Change of Address (NCOA) services for each required mailing.
        List data should be provided in CSV or Excel format.

    Folding, Inserting, and Sealing:

        Specialized equipment for various fold configurations, such as single and tri-folds.
        Folded products and additional components can be stuffed and sealed into shipping envelopes.
        Stand-alone folding or combined with inserting process.
        Address positioning on printed sheet critical for delivery.

    Tabbing:

        Specialized equipment for tabbing and mailing self-mailer types of products.

    Address Imaging:

        High-speed inkjet imaging equipment for addressing mailings.
        Additional imaging devices for printing postal permit indicia information.

    Pricing:

        Pricing varies based on volume and complexity.
        Pricing effective as of July 1, 2016.

For more information and specific inquiries, contact USI Distribution Services.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/distribution/bulk-mail