URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/shelter-in-place
cleanedDataText/emergency_emergency-procedures_shelter-in-place.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/shelter-in-place
Emergency Information at University of Southern Indiana (USI)

Overview:

Shelter-in-Place: Refers to a designated area of safety, typically indoors, when it is unsafe to be outdoors.

Reasons for Shelter-in-Place:

Air contamination: Outdoor air may become dangerous due to biological, radiological, or chemical contamination.
Severe weather: Thunderstorms or tornadoes.
Active shooter: When it is unsafe to be exposed to outdoor conditions due to an active shooter.

Sheltering Procedures:

In the event of severe weather or contamination:
1. Stop classes or work, or close business operations.
2. Gather essential disaster supplies, if possible.
3. Select an interior room(s) on a higher floor with few windows or vents. The room(s) should have enough space for everyone to sit comfortably. If needed, choose multiple rooms to avoid overcrowding.
4. Ideally, have a hard-wired computer or laptop and a hard-wired telephone in the selected room(s). If not, have a person with a cell phone.
5. Bring building occupants into the chosen room(s) and close the doors.
6. Share the notification with others in the building, if possible, but do not leave the designated shelter-in-place area.
7. Close all windows, exterior doors, and any openings to the outdoors.
8. If there is a threat of explosion, close the window shades, blinds, or curtains.
9. In a laboratory with a fume hood or biosafety cabinet, close hoods and sashes.
10. Monitor credible news sources and official university instructions for information and updates.
11. University and local officials may call for evacuation in specific areas.

Shelter-in-Place for an Active Shooter Attack: Follow the procedures for an Active Shooter Attack (Run-Hide-Fight).

Emergency Contacts: 

8600 University Blvd.
Phone: 812-464-8600
Email provided on the site.

Social Media Channels: Facebook, YouTube, Instagram.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/shelter-in-place