URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/earthquake
cleanedDataText/emergency_emergency-procedures_earthquake.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/earthquake
Emergency Information:

Earthquake Emergency Procedures

If you are indoors during an earthquake:

    Drop to the floor under a sturdy desk or table.
    Cover your head and face with your arms.
    Hold on and stay calm.
    If suitable furniture is not nearby, sit on the floor against an interior wall and cover your head and face with your arms.
    Stay clear of windows, bookcases, shelves, mirrors, and fireplaces.
    Do not use elevators.
    If possible, extinguish any open flames or sources of ignition immediately.

If you are outdoors during an earthquake:

    Get into an open area away from trees, buildings, walls, and power lines.
    If driving, pull over to the side of the road, stop, and stay inside the vehicle until the shaking is over.
    Avoid overpasses, bridges, and power lines.
    If the earthquake has been severe, do not attempt to cross damaged bridges, overpasses, or sections of road.

After the earthquake:

    Check for injuries, starting with yourself.
    Do not move seriously injured individuals unless they are in immediate danger.
    Help people who are trapped by furniture or other items that do not require heavy tools to move.
    Keep phone lines open for emergency calls.
    Check for gas and water leaks, broken electrical wiring, and broken sewage lines in your area.
    Check building for cracks and damage.
    If there is gas leaking, extinguish all sources of ignition and do not turn on or off any electrical switches in the area.
    Call USI Facility Operations and Planning or USI Public Safety for assistance.
    If there is damage, report it to the Facility Operations and Public Safety.
    Attempt to block off damaged areas to keep people away until additional help can arrive.
    Do not touch downed power lines or damaged building equipment.
    Check for hazardous materials spills and releases.
    If the building is damaged, evacuate and attempt to secure the building against entry.
    Notify Public Safety and Facility Operations of the damage and evacuation.
    Do not re-enter damaged buildings.
    If you have to evacuate to a predetermined evacuation area, post a message indicating your location.
    Take communication devices with you.
    Turn on a battery-powered radio for damage reports and information.
    Monitor credible news sources for information and official University instructions.
    Do not use your vehicle unless there is an emergency.
    Be prepared for aftershocks and follow additional instructions.

Contact:
    8600 University Blvd
    Phone: 812-464-8600
    Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/emergency/emergency-procedures/earthquake