URL: https://www.usi.edu/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council
cleanedDataText/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council_equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council
Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Council

    Mission and Vision
        Mission: Promote and maintain cultural diversity at the University of Southern Indiana.
        Vision: Integrate diversity into existing university policies and procedures.

    Diversity Resources

    Student Organizations

    Minutes and Agendas

    Campus Inclusion Committees & Councils

    Campus Events

Legislative Charge

    The Diversity Committee was created in response to House Enrolled Act 1256, authorized by the 2007 Indiana General Assembly.
    
    Committee Objectives

        Define the University’s vision of diversity and integrate it with existing policies and procedures.
        Collect information on university programs, initiatives, and community resources.
        Review university employment policies and processes to increase hiring of diverse candidates.
        Review university complaint policies and processes related to diversity issues.
        Develop recommendations for improving existing programs and processes, as well as new initiatives for recruitment and retention of diverse faculty, students, and staff.
        Increase awareness of the University’s commitment to diversity.
        Assess diversity training and communication needs.
        Provide annual reports to the Board of Trustees.

Board of Trustee Reports

    Reports from 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2013, 2012, 2011, and 2010.

Council Members

    Council Chair: Mrs. Pamela F. Hopson, Executive Director of Multicultural Center
    Mrs. Deirdre L. Hartman, Senior Administrative Associate
    Dr. Susan J. Ely, Assistant Professor of Engineering, Director of Manufacturing Engineering Technology and Industrial Supervision
    Mr. John A. Farless, Chief Communications Officer
    Dr. Jennifer R. Hammat
    Dr. Kristalyn M. Shefveland, Associate Professor of History, Director of Master of Arts in Liberal Studies Program
    Mrs. Sarah K. Will, Executive Director of Human Resources
    Dr. Brandi R. Neal, Adjunct - Africana Studies, Adjunct - College of Business, Director of Pathways to College Program
    Mrs. Kerseclia L. Patterson, SWI-AHEC Academic Outreach Coordinator
    Dr. Erika N. Williams, Assistant Professor of Management
    Mr. Rashad E. Smith, Executive Director of Admissions
    Mr. Steven T. Stump, Director of the Center for Applied Research
    Mrs. Leslie A. Townsend, Director of Community Engagement and Historic New Harmony
    Mr. Aaron C. Trump, Chief Government and Legal Affairs Officer
    *Adrianna Garcia - Student Government Association

Contact Information

    8600 University Blvd
    Phone: 812-464-8600
    Email provided on the site.

Social Media Channels: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council/equity-diversity-and-inclusion-council