URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/respiratory-therapy/respiratory-therapy-observation-facilities
cleanedDataText/health_respiratory-therapy_respiratory-therapy-observation-facilities.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/respiratory-therapy/respiratory-therapy-observation-facilities
Respiratory Therapy Observation Facilities

If you are interested in pursuing a career in Respiratory Therapy, it is valuable to spend a day observing a respiratory therapist to determine if this field is right for you. As part of the application process, all respiratory therapy applicants must complete 12 hours of observation in a respiratory therapy setting at an acute care medical facility.

Preferred Hospital Sites for Observation:

Below is a list of preferred hospital sites for conducting your 12 hours of observation. If you do not live near any of these hospitals and wish to observe at a local hospital, you must receive pre-approval from the USI Respiratory Therapy Program Chair before scheduling your observation.

Recommended Attire and Policies:

During your observation, appropriate dress is required. Generally, jeans, shorts, t-shirts, sandals, and athletic shoes are considered inappropriate. It is important to discuss the proper attire with your contact person prior to your observation. Some hospitals may have additional requirements, such as proof of a negative TB test. Additionally, strict confidentiality regarding patient care is expected and required by law during your observation.

Hospital Sites for Observation:

If you are in the Evansville area, we recommend contacting Deaconess Hospital or St. Vincent Evansville to inquire about scheduling an observation. These hospitals are excellent options for observation. Below are additional hospitals in Indiana and Kentucky that you may be interested in, which also meet the recommended criteria:

- Deaconess Hospital (Evansville, IN): Contact Human Resources at Kelly.Woods@deaconess.com to complete all required paperwork. Contact the Education Coordinator of Respiratory Therapy at 812-450-2448 or 812-450-2447 to schedule your observation after submitting the necessary documentation.
- St. Vincent Evansville (Evansville, IN): Complete the Job Shadow application form and follow the instructions on the attachment. Contact the Clinical Coordinator of Respiratory Therapy via email at nmorgan@ascension.org to schedule your observation after submitting the required paperwork.
- Indiana University Health (various locations): Contact the designated individuals at IU Health Methodist and University Hospitals in Indianapolis for adult inpatient observation or Riley Hospital for Children at IU Health and IU Health Methodist Hospital for neonatal/pediatric observation. More information is available on the respective hospital websites.

To schedule an observation at other hospitals in Indiana or Kentucky:

1. Identify the hospital you are interested in.
2. Click on the corresponding hospital's link.
3. Locate the hospital's phone number.
4. Contact the hospital and ask to be connected to the Respiratory Therapy department.
5. Request the contact name and phone number to schedule an observation/job shadow.

For assistance locating a hospital or any further inquiries, you can contact the faculty members listed below:

- Jody Delp, Department Chair: 812-464-1778 or jmdelp@usi.edu
- Mary Phillips, Interim Department Chair: 812-465-1148 or mlphillips5@usi.edu
- Elizabeth Schnarr, Director of Clinical Education: 812-465-1284 or easchnarr@usi.edu
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/respiratory-therapy/respiratory-therapy-observation-facilities