URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing
cleanedDataText/health_nursing.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing
College of Nursing and Health Professions

Programs:

    Dental Assisting
    Dental Hygiene
    Diagnostic Medical Sonography
    Food and Nutrition
    Health Administration
    Health Informatics and Information Management
    Health Services Nursing
    Graduate Nursing Program
    Occupational Therapy
    Occupational Therapy Assistant
    Radiologic and Imaging Sciences
    Respiratory Therapy

Resources:

    Synapse Newsletter
    2023 Health Professions Day Visit
    Bronstein Center for Healthy Aging and Wellness

Nursing:

    Faculty and Staff
    Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)
    Handbooks
    Academic Practice Partnerships
    Student Resources
    Student Organizations
    USI Bulletin (Course Catalog)
    Nursing Alumni Society
    Mission and Goals
    Student and Program Outcomes
    Mission & Philosophy
    Advising Information
    USI Foundation Scholarships
    Sample Plan of Study
    What is the NCLEX?
    Facilities
    Spirit of the Eagle Critical Care Challenge
    Essential Functions
    Nursing Spotlight
    Celebrate Nursing Gala
    Nursing Resiliency Study

Contact:

    Health Professions Center 2068
    Phone: 812-461-5226
    Email provided on the site

Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) Program at USI:

    Accredited by the Indiana State Board of Nursing.
    Offers options for registered nurses to complete their BSN or pursue advanced nursing degrees.
    Provides a high-quality education at an affordable price.
    Smaller class sizes and a supportive learning environment.
    Mentoring from expert faculty members with advanced nursing degrees and certifications.
    Prepares students to be healthcare leaders.
    Excellent NCLEX pass rate and high projected job growth.
    Various employment opportunities in hospitals, clinics, public health organizations, home health agencies, government health organizations, nursing homes, and other healthcare facilities.

Graduate Nursing Programs:

    Master of Science in Nursing (MSN)
    Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP)
    Post MSN certificates
    Online options available.

Support Services:

    Award-Winning Faculty
    Clinical Simulation Center
    Flexible Course Delivery
    Scholarships and Aid
    Tuition and Fees

Spotlight:

    Stories of successful nursing graduates and their experiences in the field.

Connect with USI on social media platforms.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing