URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/food-and-nutrition/degrees-and-programs/nutrition-and-wellness
cleanedDataText/health_food-and-nutrition_degrees-and-programs_nutrition-and-wellness.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/food-and-nutrition/degrees-and-programs/nutrition-and-wellness
College of Nursing and Health Professions - Food and Nutrition

    Degrees and Programs:
        Dietetics
        Food Service Management
        Nutrition and Wellness
        
    Program Admission:
        Application and admission requirements for the Food and Nutrition program.

    Faculty & Staff:
        Information about the faculty and staff in the Food and Nutrition program.
    
    Scholarships and Aid:
        Details about scholarships and financial aid available for students in the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Advising Information:
        Information about academic advising for Food and Nutrition students.
        
    Facilities:
        Information about the facilities available for the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Alumni Spotlight:
        Features and achievements of alumni from the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Student Resources:
        Resources and support services available for students in the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Student Organizations:
        List of student organizations related to the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Practicum in Food, Nutrition, and Wellness:
        Information about the practical experience component of the program.
        
    Student and Program Outcomes:
        Outcomes and achievements of students and the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Frequently Asked Questions:
        Answers to frequently asked questions about the Food and Nutrition program.
        
    Healthy Eating Resources:
        Additional resources on healthy eating for students in the Food and Nutrition program.

Nutrition and Wellness Program Overview:

The baccalaureate degree program in Food and Nutrition with a specialty in Nutrition and Wellness aims to provide students with knowledge about the role of food and nutrition in overall wellness. The curriculum includes courses on nutrition, food, exercise, health education, behavior, and health promotion. In addition to the core courses, students complete a senior capstone course and have the option to participate in a food and nutrition-related practicum. Elective courses allow students to focus on areas such as physical activity and nutrition, gerontology, public health, or worksite wellness.

Career Opportunities:

Graduates of the Food and Nutrition program with a specialization in Nutrition and Wellness are prepared for various positions in the health promotion field. Potential work settings include corporate wellness programs, weight management programs, community and public health programs, and the fitness industry in fitness and health programs, as well as the fitness and nutrition software and equipment industry.

Contact Information:

HP 3042
Phone: 812-228-5151
Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/food-and-nutrition/degrees-and-programs/nutrition-and-wellness