URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-services/gerontology-certificate-programs
cleanedDataText/health_health-services_gerontology-certificate-programs.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-services/gerontology-certificate-programs
College of Nursing and Health Professions

Gerontology Certificate Programs

    Activity Professionals Certificate:
        Program that provides knowledge and understanding of the role of the health care activity director, including regulations and processes applicable in public and private sectors.

    Social Services Designee Certificate:
        Program that provides knowledge and understanding of the role of social services within long-term care, including regulations and processes applicable in public and private sectors.

Adding the Certificate:

    For Current USI Degree-Seeking Students:
        Complete the Change of Academic Program Form from the Health Services Department or Registrar and enter NH-Cert in the Degree Change section. Then, enter code APCR for Activity Professionals Certificate or code SSD for Social Services Designee Certificate in the "Add Major" section. Submit the form to the Health Services Department.

    For Non-degree Seeking Students:
        Apply to the University and once admitted, complete the Change of Academic Program Form from the Health Services Department or Registrar. Enter the respective code for the certificate in the "Add Major" section. Submit the form to the Health Services Department.

Certificate Application:

    After declaring the certificate, apply to graduate using the online form for both the bachelor degree and the certificate. Application for graduation is available through myUSI.

Obtaining the Certificate:

    If planning to complete the certificate prior to the final semester, apply to receive the certificate once enrolled in the last course. Contact the program chair, Dr. Erin Reynolds, to complete the online form. The certificate will be received from the USI Registrar's Office.

Student Support and Advising:

    Advising is available for students interested in the certificate. Current USI degree-seeking students are eligible for Financial Aid and other support services. Non-degree seeking students are not eligible for Financial Aid but may request enrollment verification if needed.

For More Information:
    Contact Ms. Leah N. Flake, Curriculum Coordinator of Gerontology. Contact details provided.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-services/gerontology-certificate-programs