URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/faculty-staff
cleanedDataText/health_occupational-therapy-assistant_faculty-staff.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/faculty-staff
College of Nursing and Health Professions - Occupational Therapy Assistant

    Degree and Program:
        Information about the Occupational Therapy Assistant program.

    Program Admission:
        Requirements and process for admission into the program.

    Faculty & Staff:
        Names and roles of the faculty and staff in the Occupational Therapy Assistant department.

    Course Descriptions:
        Descriptions of the courses offered in the program.

    Frequently Asked Questions:
        Commonly asked questions about the Occupational Therapy Assistant program.

    Student Resources:
        Resources available to students in the program.

    Student Organizations:
        Information about student organizations related to Occupational Therapy Assistant.

    Accreditation:
        Details about the program's accreditation status.

    Student and Program Outcomes:
        Information on the outcomes of students and the program itself.

    OTA Fieldwork Resources:
        Resources and information related to fieldwork for Occupational Therapy Assistant students.

    Department Chair:
        Name and contact information of the department chair, Mr. Sean O. Weir.

    Assistant Professor of Occupational Therapy Assistant:
        Name and role of the assistant professor, Mr. Sean O. Weir.

    Assistant Chair of Occupational Therapy Assistant Program:
        Name and role of the assistant chair in the Occupational Therapy Assistant program.

    Senior Administrative Assistant:
        Name and contact information of the senior administrative assistant, Miss Lauren N Mygatt.

    Academic Fieldwork Coordinator of OTA:
        Name and role of the academic fieldwork coordinator for Occupational Therapy Assistant, Mrs. Jana R. Pace.

Social Media and Contact Information:

    Social Media Channels: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram.
    Contact: 8600 University Blvd, Evansville, IN 47712
             Phone: 812-464-8600
             Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/faculty-staff