URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-administration/gerontology-certificate-programs
cleanedDataText/health_health-administration_gerontology-certificate-programs.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-administration/gerontology-certificate-programs
College of Nursing and Health Professions

Gerontology Certificate Programs

    Activity Professionals Certificate
        Gain knowledge and understanding of the role of health care activity directors, including regulation and processes applicable to public and private sectors.

    Social Services Designee Certificate
        Gain knowledge and understanding of the role of social services within long-term care, including regulation and processes applicable to public and private sectors.

How to Add the Certificate:

    For current USI Degree-Seeking Students (already declared a major):
        Complete the Change of Academic Program Form.
        Enter NH-Cert in the Degree Change section.
        Enter the code APCR for the Activity Professionals Certificate or SSD for the Social Services Designee Certificate in the "Add Major" section.
        Submit the form to the Health Services Department.

    For Non-degree Seeking Students:
        Apply to the University at USI.edu/admissions.
        Once admitted, complete the Change of Academic Program Form.
        Enter the respective certificate code in the "Add Major" section.
        Submit the form to the Health Services Department.

How to Apply for the Certificate:

    After declaring the certificate with a change of major form and completing the required courses, apply to graduate using the online form for both the bachelor's degree and certificate.

    Apply for both the bachelor's degree and certificate through myUSI by clicking on student records and apply to graduate.

    Note: Application for graduation is available through myUSI the semester prior to planned graduation.

Receiving the Certificate:

    If planning to complete the certificate before the final semester, apply to receive the certificate once enrolled in the last certificate course.

    Contact Dr. Erin Reynolds (ereynolds@usi.edu) for the online form.

Student Support and Advising:

    Advising available to any student interested in the certificate.
    Current USI degree-seeking students eligible for Financial Aid and university support services.
    Non-degree seeking students not eligible for Financial Aid, but may request enrollment verification if needed for employer-provided educational assistance or loans.

For More Information:

    Contact Ms. Leah N. Flake, Curriculum Coordinator of Gerontology.
    Email: provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/health-administration/gerontology-certificate-programs