URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/degrees-and-programs/doctor-of-nursing-practice-bsn-to-dnp/family-nurse-practitioner
cleanedDataText/health_graduate-nursing-program_degrees-and-programs_doctor-of-nursing-practice-bsn-to-dnp_family-nurse-practitioner.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/degrees-and-programs/doctor-of-nursing-practice-bsn-to-dnp/family-nurse-practitioner
Family Nurse Practitioner Program at the University of Southern Indiana (USI)

Program Overview:

- The Family Nurse Practitioner program at USI prepares students to provide direct healthcare services to individuals of all ages, focusing on health promotion, disease prevention, and management of acute and chronic illnesses.
- The program is designed for students to primarily work in ambulatory care settings, caring for patients and families across the lifespan.
- The program consists of 78 credit hours and requires 1000 clinical hours.

Program Outcomes:

Upon completion of the program, graduates will be able to:

1. Synthesize knowledge from nursing theories, humanities, and evidence-based scientific clinical guidelines to assess the health status of patients of all ages.
2. Demonstrate advanced practice clinical decision-making skills to interpret patient and diagnostic test data, formulate differential diagnoses, and develop appropriate care plans.
3. Design and implement management plans and therapeutic interventions in collaboration with patients and families.
4. Evaluate and revise the management plans based on patient and family findings and expected outcomes of treatment.
5. Apply family assessment methodologies and research findings to improve the care of patients and families.
6. Advocate for patients and families to provide cost-effective, culturally competent, ethical, and quality care.
7. Model responsibility for professional development, integrity, accountability, competence, and credentialing as a family nurse practitioner.

Curriculum:

The program curriculum consists of the following courses:

- Graduate Nursing Courses: Roles for Advanced Nursing Practice, Evidenced Based Practice for Advanced Nursing, Theoretical Foundations for Advanced Nursing Practice, Analytical Methods, Cultural Diversity, Systems Leadership, Health Care Policy, Resource Utilization, Informatics, Wellness Promotion, Evidence Based Practice Seminar, Patient Management Clinical Application Seminar, Applications in Population Health, Applications in Pharmacotherapeutics, Health Policy Application in APN, Quality Initiatives in Nursing, Application of Assessment with Differential Diagnosis, Strategies for Patient Teaching, Synthesis of Nursing Practice.
- DNP Project Courses: DNP Proposal 1, DNP Project 1, DNP Project 2.
- Graduate Nursing Clinical Core Courses: Advanced Concepts of Pathophysiology, Advanced Health Assessment, Clinical Pharmacology.
- Specialty Courses: Primary Care Nursing of Families I, Primary Care Nursing of Families II, Family Nurse Practitioner Practicum III.

Contact Information:

Stone Family Center, Room 3037
812-492-7807
Email: [email protected]

To learn more, visit the USI website or connect with them on social media platforms like Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, and LinkedIn.



URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/degrees-and-programs/doctor-of-nursing-practice-bsn-to-dnp/family-nurse-practitioner