URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/frequently-asked-questions
cleanedDataText/health_occupational-therapy-assistant_frequently-asked-questions.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/frequently-asked-questions
University of Southern Indiana (USI) College of Nursing and Health Professions Occupational Therapy Assistant (OTA) Program

Overview:

    Degree and Program: Associate of Science (AS) Degree in Occupational Therapy Assistant
    Contact: HP 2068, 812-464-1909, Email provided on the site.

Admission Information:

    Class Size: Maximum of 30 students accepted per class based on class availability.
    Selection Process: Begins in February, with invitations to enroll in fall OTA classes sent out in early March.
    Application Deadline: OTA program application should be submitted by January 31 of the same year for fall class admission.
    GPA Requirement: Minimum GPA of 2.9 (on a 4.0 scale) in OTA core classes for admission.
    Prerequisite Classes: All prerequisite classes must be completed by June 30 before enrolling in OTA classes.
    Time Limit for Prerequisite Courses: Human anatomy prerequisites must be taken within the last seven (7) years.
    Prerequisite Courses for Bachelor’s Degree holders: Introduction to Psychology, Human Anatomy & Physiology I and II, Medical Terminology.
    Program Length: After completing the required 17 credit hours of prerequisite courses, the program length is 18 months starting in the fall of the first year.
        - Fall 1st year: 15 credit hours
        - Spring 1st year: 15 credit hours
        - Summer 1st year: 12 credit hours
        - Fall 2nd year: 6 credit hours of fieldwork experience

Accreditation and Certification:

    Accreditation: The USI OTA program is fully accredited by the Accreditation Council for Occupational Therapy Education (ACOTE) of the American Occupational Therapy Association (AOTA).
    Certification: Graduates from an accredited OTA program, like USI, are eligible to take the national certification exam given by the National Board of Certification in Occupational Therapy (NBCOT) to become a Certified Occupational Therapy Assistant (COTA).

Admission Requirements:

    Acceptance to USI: Prospective students must be accepted for admission to USI before completing the separate OTA program process.
    Selection Criteria:
        - Completion of OTA core curriculum and minimum GPA of 2.9 (on a 4.0 scale).
        - Submission of all materials in admissions packet by January 31 of the year planning to be admitted to the fall class.
        - Interview with Occupational Therapists Admission Committee.
        - Students with the highest combination scores on the interview and cumulative GPA will be admitted (maximum of 30 students).

Prospective Student Considerations:

    Clinical Practice Requirements: Applicants must show capability for fulfilling clinical practice requirements and eligibility for occupational therapy practitioner credentials.
    Felony Conviction: A felony conviction, including documentation of driving under the influence (DUI), may impact eligibility for NBCOT certification examination or state practice credentials. Prospective students with felony convictions should contact the program for further information.

Program Features:

    Concurrent Degree Option: Students may pursue a baccalaureate degree in another major while completing the Associate of Science degree requirements. Completion of a Bachelor of Science degree in Health Services is encouraged.
    Salary: Percentile wage estimates for Occupational Therapy Assistants range from $46,810 to $80,210 per year, depending on the percentiles.

Social Media and Contact Information:

    Facebook: Links to the OTA program's Facebook page are provided on the site.
    Contact Information: HP 2068, 812-464-1909, Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/frequently-asked-questions