URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/course-descriptions
cleanedDataText/health_occupational-therapy-assistant_course-descriptions.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/course-descriptions
College of Nursing and Health Professions - Occupational Therapy Assistant Program

Course Descriptions:

OTA 213 Pathophysiology and Conditions I (3)
    Overview of the etiology, clinical course, management, and prognosis of congenital and developmental disabilities, acute and chronic disease processes, and traumatic injuries. Focus on functional performance and effects on individuals, families, cultures, and society. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 214 Pathophysiology and Conditions II (3)
    Focus on neurology and orthopedics. Continuation of the overview of disabilities, diseases, and injuries. Emphasis on functional performance and effects. Prerequisite: OTA 213.
OTA 221 Technical Communication (3)
    Development of skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. Includes medical terminology. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 231 Therapeutic Media (3)
    Analysis, teaching, and grading of activities. Cultural perspective and effects of wellness. Prerequisite: Admission to OTA program.
OTA 232 Media and Modalities (2)
    Introduction to theory and hands-on skills in splint fabrication and use of assistive devices. Overview of prosthetics, orthotics, and physical agent modalities. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 241 Occupational Performance Components I (4)
    Examination of occupational therapy process and psychosocial skills. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 242 Occupational Performance Components II (5)
    Examination of occupational therapy process and sensorimotor and cognitive skills. Prerequisite: OTA 241.
OTA 297 Practicum Seminar (2)
    Discussion of fieldwork matters and integration with occupational therapy process and practice. Includes 40 clock hour Level I practicum experience. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 298 Practicum Seminar (2)
    Discussion of fieldwork matters and integration with occupational therapy process and practice. Includes additional 40 clock hour Level I practicum experience. Prerequisite: OTA 297.
OTA 343 Occupational Performance Areas I (5)
    Examination of occupational therapy process and performance areas such as activities of daily living and play/leisure. Prerequisite: OTA 241.
OTA 344 Occupational Performance Areas II (4)
    Examination of occupational therapy process and performance areas such as work and productive activities. Prerequisite: OTA 343.
OTA 345 Occupational Performance in Pediatrics (3)
    Evaluation and treatment planning for pediatric population. Use of developmental theories. Prerequisite: OTA 241.
OTA 350 Independent Study (1-12)
    Customizable course for student's special interest. Can involve service delivery, research projects, or faculty-approved projects. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 372 Management for Occupational Therapy Assistants (3)
    Application of general management principles to activities service. Emphasis on supervisory skills for occupational therapy students and certified assistants. Prerequisite: Admission to the OTA program.
OTA 397 Technical Fieldwork A (3)
    Synthesis of knowledge gained through educational experiences. Examination of occupational performance areas, components, and contexts. Level II internship of at least 8 weeks. Prerequisite: Completion of OTA 297 and 298.
OTA 398 Technical Fieldwork B (3)
    Synthesis of knowledge gained through educational experiences. Examination of occupational performance areas, components, and contexts. Level II internship of at least 8 weeks. Prerequisite: Completion of OTA 397.

Contact Information:
    College of Nursing and Health Professions
    Email: [Email provided on the site]
    Phone: HP 2068 812-464-1909
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/occupational-therapy-assistant/course-descriptions