URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing/handbooks/bsn-undergraduate-student-handbook/examination-and-test-review-policy
cleanedDataText/health_nursing_handbooks_bsn-undergraduate-student-handbook_examination-and-test-review-policy.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing/handbooks/bsn-undergraduate-student-handbook/examination-and-test-review-policy
College of Nursing and Health Professions Examination and Test Review Policy:

1. Minimum Average Score: Each student must have a cumulative minimum average score of 75% on all course exams and quizzes to pass the course, unless stated otherwise in the syllabus.

2. Classroom Arrangement: Students should arrange themselves in the classroom to provide space between students.

3. Test Time: Time allowed for each test will be communicated by the faculty.

4. Exam Format: Students will complete course exams in person, on campus, or via Proctorio. Students taking online exams will need to bring a laptop or tablet to complete the exam in a designated USI classroom. Remote test-taking without faculty approval and appropriate proctoring is a violation of the University's Academic Integrity and Appeal Policy.

5. Electronic Devices: Students are not allowed to have any electronic storage devices during an exam or test review, except for the device they are using to complete an online exam. Simple wristwatches are allowed but advanced capability watches (e.g., Apple watch) and other electronic devices are not allowed. Having an unauthorized electronic device during an exam will result in a 10% deduction on the exam or quiz.

6. Exam Papers: Students are not allowed to keep any examination paper.

7. Academic Misconduct: Students found in violation of the University's Academic Integrity and Appeal Policy will have a penalty assessed.

8. Exam Absence: If a student is going to miss an exam, they must notify the course coordinator before the exam starts. Failure to notify prior to the exam may result in a "0" grade. With prior notification, an alternate test will be administered within one week of the student's return to class.

9. Test Review: Test review sessions will be scheduled by the course coordinator, except for final exams. No notes or electronic devices are allowed during test reviews.

10. Computerized Exams: Computerized exams are closed-book unless specified otherwise. Downloading or reproducing any part of an exam is considered academic dishonesty.

11. Questions during Exams: Questions during an examination should be limited to clarification of typographical or grammatical errors.

12. Translator for ESL Students: ESL students may use an approved electronic translator for classroom tests until their last two semesters.

13. Exam Reviews: Exams cannot be reviewed after subsequent exams are given. For example, exam one cannot be reviewed after exam two is administered.

14. Leaving the Room: Students needing to leave the room during an exam must ask permission from the instructor, who may accompany them.

15. Food and Hats: No food is allowed during testing, and wearing hats or caps during testing is not permitted, except for culturally mandated practices.

Source: College of Nursing and Health Professions Handbook, BSN Undergraduate Student Handbook.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/nursing/handbooks/bsn-undergraduate-student-handbook/examination-and-test-review-policy