URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/graduate-handbooks/bsn-to-dnp-student-handbook/preceptored-clinical-experience
cleanedDataText/health_graduate-nursing-program_graduate-handbooks_bsn-to-dnp-student-handbook_preceptored-clinical-experience.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/graduate-handbooks/bsn-to-dnp-student-handbook/preceptored-clinical-experience
Preceptored Clinical Experience in the College of Nursing and Health Professions

    Programs:
        Dental Assisting
        Dental Hygiene
        Diagnostic Medical Sonography
        Food and Nutrition
        Health Administration
        Health Informatics and Information Management
        Health Services
        Nursing
        Graduate Nursing Program
        Occupational Therapy
        Occupational Therapy Assistant
        Radiologic and Imaging Sciences
        Respiratory Therapy

    Graduate Nursing Program:
        Faculty and Staff
        Degrees and Programs
        Graduate Handbooks
        Student Organizations
        USI Bulletin (Course Catalog)
        Nursing Alumni Society
        Mission and Goals
        About the Clinical Experience

    Graduate Handbooks:
        MSN and Post MSN APRN Certificate Student Handbook
        DNP Student Handbook
        BSN to DNP Student Handbook

    BSN to DNP Student Handbook:
        BSN to DNP Curriculum
        RN License
        Preceptored Clinical Experience
        Name Badge Instructions
        Graduate Nursing Program Academic Policies
        Doctoral Student Virtual Center (DSVC)
        Preceptored Clinical Experience
        BSN to DNP Preceptor Packet

    Preceptored Clinical Experience:
        Graduate nursing students completing required clinical learning hours with qualified clinical preceptors.
        Clinical practice can be completed in the student's own community.
        Preceptors cannot be relatives or in a relationship with the student.
        Approval of selected preceptors and clinical sites required from faculty prior to beginning clinical hours.
        Written agreement (Memorandum of Understanding) with the agency is necessary before initiating clinical experiences.
        Preceptors should be board-certified in specialty areas corresponding to the student’s track.
        No clinical hours during university holidays or when courses are not in session.

    Preparation Guidelines:
        Guidelines and forms to prepare for the preceptored clinical experience.
        Procedure and timeline for securing a preceptored clinical experience.
        Students responsible for identifying potential clinical preceptors in licensed locations.
        Required documentation and agreements for clinical courses.

    Typhon:
        Typhon's NP Student Tracking System (NPST) tracks and manages student clinical data securely.
        Tracks patient demographics, diagnosis and procedure codes, skills, medications, clinical notes, shift time, and activity time.
        Allows faculty and preceptors to track students' progress and accuracy in real time.
        Students must purchase the software for access during coursework and up to five years post-graduation.

Contact:
    Health Professions Center 2068
    Phone: 812-461-5226
    Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/graduate-nursing-program/graduate-handbooks/bsn-to-dnp-student-handbook/preceptored-clinical-experience