URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/archives/winter-2021/life-changing-gift-for-students
cleanedDataText/health_synapse-newsletter_archives_winter-2021_life-changing-gift-for-students.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/archives/winter-2021/life-changing-gift-for-students
Life-changing Gift for Students

John M. Lawrence '73, well-known for his passion for saving rare books and manuscripts, is also dedicated to preserving the dreams of students at the University of Southern Indiana (USI) who are pursuing careers in the health professions. As a certified public accountant, Lawrence established a scholarship in 2006 in memory of his late wife, Melissa Faye Lawrence. This scholarship has helped 28 students so far in achieving their goals of becoming nurses.

The most recent recipients of the Melissa Faye Lawrence Endowed Memorial Nursing Scholarship are Nichole Taylor and Damon Weaver, both planning to graduate in Spring 2022. Nichole Taylor, originally from Newark, Delaware, was inspired to become a nurse after witnessing the crucial role that nurses played when her children were in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Her twin daughter was transferred to the NICU at Riley Hospital for Children in Indianapolis. Taylor expresses her gratitude to Lawrence for giving her the opportunity to finish her degree and achieve her dream of becoming a nurse. Her long-term goal is to work in the NICU and become a nurse practitioner.

Damon Weaver, an adult learner in the USI Nursing Program, commutes from Owensboro, Kentucky. The scholarship has alleviated financial concerns for him, particularly in light of the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Weaver's short-term goal is to work in the intensive care unit and continue caring for critical patients. He expresses his deep appreciation for Lawrence's generosity in supporting his nursing education.

Aside from the nursing scholarship, Lawrence has also funded a new scholarship for the Food and Nutrition program at USI and plans to establish an endowment for a second scholarship in the coming year. This demonstrates his dedication to supporting students pursuing careers related to nutrition and healthy living.

Holly Hawkins, the first recipient of the Food and Nutrition Scholarship, is majoring in food and nutrition with a concentration in dietetics. She transferred to USI from Mt. Carmel, Illinois, and has been actively involved in the Food and Nutrition Student Organization. Hawkins chose her career path after her younger brother was diagnosed with cancer and witnessed the positive impact of healthcare professionals. With this scholarship, she feels encouraged to achieve her career goals and be a valued part of the community as a registered dietitian.

John M. Lawrence, a native of Evansville and a graduate of USI, continues to show his gratitude and support for his alma mater. In addition to the nursing and food and nutrition scholarships, he has established scholarships and awards in honor of former professors and provides healthy snacks for students preparing for finals each semester. Lawrence believes in leaving a legacy of success by helping students achieve their goals and expressing his appreciation for USI's impact on his life.

Sources:
- College of Nursing and Health Professions, University of Southern Indiana
URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/archives/winter-2021/life-changing-gift-for-students