URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/dental-assisting/advising-information
cleanedDataText/health_dental-assisting_advising-information.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/dental-assisting/advising-information
 

College of Nursing and Health Professions Advising Center

    Contact Information:
        HP 2023
        Phone: 812-228-5042
        Email provided on the site.

    University Division Advising at USI

    Advising Centers:
        Center for Exploring Majors
        College of Liberal Arts Advising Center
        College of Nursing and Health Professions Advising Center
        Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education Advising and Resource Center
        Romain College of Business Advising Center

    Overview:

        The College of Nursing and Health Professions (CNHP) Advising Center at USI welcomes students and aims to assist them in navigating their college experience. The advisors help students with academic and career-related matters.

        Advisor Responsibilities:
            Guide students in understanding college expectations and adulting.
            Assist students in understanding degree requirements and planning their academic path.
            Provide resources and support in career exploration and counseling.
            Collaborate with students to ensure their academic success.

        Advising Appointments:
            Students are encouraged to schedule appointments with their advisors to discuss their concerns and seek guidance. To book an appointment, students can use AdvisorTrac through the myUSI EagleApps.

        Advisor Information:
            Students can find information about their assigned advisor through DegreeWorks on the myUSI portal. The advisor's name will be listed in the information box at the top, and students can click on the name to send an email.

        Students Transitioning to Faculty Advisors:
            Incoming freshmen and "pre"-major students are initially assigned professional academic advisors within the Academic Advising Center. Once students are accepted into their program, they are transitioned to faculty advisors.

    News:

        Registration for Spring and Summer 2023 opens on October 24.
        Students are advised to meet with their advisor before registration.
        Students can access AdvisorTrac through the myUSI portal to schedule appointments.
    

    

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/dental-assisting/advising-information