URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/alumni-spotlight/andres-ayesta-ms-rd
cleanedDataText/health_synapse-newsletter_alumni-spotlight_andres-ayesta-ms-rd.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/alumni-spotlight/andres-ayesta-ms-rd
Andres Ayesta, MS, RD

    College of Nursing and Health Professions

        Programs Offered:
            Dental Assisting
            Dental Hygiene
            Diagnostic Medical Sonography
            Food and Nutrition
            Health Administration
            Health Informatics and Information Management
            Health Services Nursing
            Graduate Nursing Program
            Occupational Therapy
            Occupational Therapy Assistant
            Radiologic and Imaging Sciences
            Respiratory Therapy

    Synapse Newsletter:

        2023 Health Professions Day
        Visit Bronstein Center for Healthy Aging and Wellness

    Alumni Spotlight:

        Alyssa Mills, BSN, RN
        Andres Ayesta, MS, RD
        Kylie Heckard-Boink, BSN, RN, CCRN-K, SCRN
        Andrea Fields, MHA, ACS, RDCS, FASE
        Adrienne Bond
        Mallory Martin
        Tyler Richeson
        Jessica R. Riley, MSN, RN, APRN, AGACNP-BC
        Nancy Livingston and Samantha Sollman
        Alex Gilmore, BSN, RN, CCRN
        Kristy Denton '12, MHA '15

    Andres Ayesta, MS, RD

        CEO of Planos Nutrition
        USI Degree: Bachelor of Science in Food and Nutrition - Dietetics in 2012
        From: Caracas, Venezuela
        Currently lives in: Tampa, Florida

        Occupation: CEO of Planos Nutrition, a nutrition and lifestyle coaching company
        about: helping women improve their health and weight through education and support with registered dietitians.

        USI Experience:
            Chose USI for the Nutrition and Dietetics program.
            Received an incredible opportunity to complete studies through scholarships.
            College of Nursing and Health Professions prepared for a successful career as a dietitian.
            Involved in Food and Nutrition Student Organization, Intramural Soccer, and International Student Club.
            Favorite memory: Spending time at the library during snowy January, enjoying coffee and the view.

        Recommendation for Prospective Students: USI provides an educational environment to thrive academically and connect with incredible people.
        USI is a smaller university that provides a sense of care and support, especially in healthcare fields.
        Proud USI Alum!

    Contact: 812-465-1179

URL: https://www.usi.edu/health/synapse-newsletter/alumni-spotlight/andres-ayesta-ms-rd