URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/study-abroad/steps-to-study-abroad/studytravel-abroad-policy
cleanedDataText/international_study-abroad_steps-to-study-abroad_studytravel-abroad-policy.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/study-abroad/steps-to-study-abroad/studytravel-abroad-policy
USI Study/Travel Abroad Policy

    Policy Background:
        USI recognizes the importance of establishing policies and procedures to ensure the safety and well-being of study abroad participants.
        Policy is based on the U.S. Department of State (USDOS) Travel Advisory System and the Center for Disease Control (CDC) Travel Notice Definitions.
        USI Center for International Programs and other responsible departments monitor information from OSAC, NAFSA, and other resources.

    Scope of Policy:
        Applies to all USI students traveling internationally as part of USI education, research, service, or internship/employment.
        Includes travel for course credit, noncredit experiences, research grants, and travel under the supervision of USI faculty or staff.
        Excludes students on leave of absence traveling independently or through non-USI study abroad programs.

    Policy Summary:
        USI students can participate in USI-approved study abroad programs, international internships, or USI-sponsored international travel/research in countries with Travel Advisory Level 1 or Level 2.
        Students are not allowed to travel to areas within Level 3 or Level 4 countries.
        USI does not support students participating in non-USI study abroad programs in Level 3 or Level 4 countries.
        USI does not process or transfer financial aid, scholarships, or insurance coverage for students in Level 3 or Level 4 countries.
        Students in Level 3 or Level 4 countries are ineligible for USI travel grants or financial support.

    Program Suspension:
        If a Level 3 or Level 4 Travel Advisory is issued for a country with USI-approved programs, the programs are automatically suspended.
        Programs involving multiple countries can proceed after removing the country with a Level 3 or Level 4 Travel Advisory.
        In the case of an immediate threat to student health, safety, or welfare, the Provost can cancel or alter a program.
        For Level 3 Travel Advisories that have a limited duration, the Study Abroad Risk Management Task Force assesses the impact and decides whether to suspend the program.

Contact Information:
    UCE 1235, Phone: 812-465-1248, Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/study-abroad/steps-to-study-abroad/studytravel-abroad-policy