URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions/how-to-apply/transfer
cleanedDataText/international_admissions_how-to-apply_transfer.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions/how-to-apply/transfer
University of Southern Indiana (USI) Transfer Admission Information

Application Process:

You should apply as a transfer student if you are currently attending or have previously attended a college or university in any country before enrolling at USI. 
1. Complete the online Admissions Application and pay the $40 application fee.
2. Submit Official Academic Records from all secondary schools and colleges or universities you have attended. 
* Note: If you are currently enrolled at another school, do not send your transcript until you have grades for everything except your final term. For transfers from U.S. or Canadian institutions, contact the Registrar at your school to have your transcript sent to USI. For institutions outside the U.S. or Canada, you can submit copies of your official academic records and degree certificates on the secure online form. However, you will need to mail original, official academic records to process your transfer credit and finalize your application.
3. Submit Official proof of English Proficiency.
4. Submit official ACT or SAT scores, if required.
5. If you have taken time off from school, provide an explanation of what you have been doing since you were last enrolled until the month you plan to enroll at USI.

Admission Decision:
Once all requirements are received and reviewed, an admission decision will be made. Students are notified of their admission decision by email. The university reserves the right to require a third-party NACES certified credentials evaluation for complex educational backgrounds.

I-20/DS-2019 Documents:
After completing the application process, submit your required immigration documents to receive your I-20 or DS-2019.

Transfer Credit Evaluation:
Credits earned from educational institutions outside the United States will be considered for transfer credit after an evaluation. USI will evaluate transcripts for transfer credit after the student has been admitted. Students who have attended a program outside the U.S. and wish to earn transfer credit will need to provide the following items for a Transfer Credit Evaluation:
1. Final, Official Academic Records sent by mail in a sealed envelope or submitted electronically by the university or college directly to USI (photocopies not accepted)
2. Course descriptions available from the school website and/or class syllabi translated into English
3. Official information on the institution's grading system
USI reserves the right to request students to send their documents to an evaluation agency for a course-by-course evaluation report if necessary.

For more information, visit the USI website and use the provided contact information.

Note: This information is specific to transfer admissions. For other types of admissions and programs, please refer to the relevant sections on the USI website.

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions/how-to-apply/transfer