URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/student-services/us-taxes-for-international-students
cleanedDataText/international_student-services_us-taxes-for-international-students.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/student-services/us-taxes-for-international-students
U.S. Taxes for International Students

Center for International Programs:

    Contact Information:
        Location: University Center East, Room 1235
        Phone: 812-465-1248
        Email: [email protected]
        Facebook: Center for International Programs Facebook
        Instagram: Center for International Programs Instagram

    U.S. Tax Information:
        The USI Center for International Programs collaborates with SPRINTAX to assist international students with their tax filing.
        Tax filings for the year 2022 will occur in 2023.
        Sprintax Open Tax Webinars for Filing Season 2022:
            - Various webinar dates throughout the year.
      
    Frequently Asked Questions:
        - What is a tax return?
            A tax return is a document that declares the income earned in the previous year and determines if any additional tax is owed or if a refund is available.
        - Are international students required to file tax returns?
            Yes, all international students studying in the US are required to file tax returns.
        - Do I have to pay taxes?
            Yes, all international individuals living in the US must comply with the requirement to file federal and state tax returns and pay taxes as required.
        - I was living outside the US in 2022. Do I need to file taxes?
            No, if you were not present in the US during 2022, you do not need to file a tax return.
        - Do I need to file if I lived in the US but didn't have a job or earn any income?
            Yes, international students who were in the US for any length of time during 2022 and did not earn income must file the Non-Employed 8843 Form.
        - What is the deadline to complete the process?
            The deadline to file tax returns is usually mid-April.
        - Do I need any forms to complete tax returns?
            You will need forms such as W-2, 1042-S (if applicable), and 1099 (if applicable).
      
    State Tax Resources:
        Sprintax: Use Sprintax to complete state tax forms for a fee.
        Indiana Department of Revenue (IN DOR): Provides online resources and customer service for Indiana state tax forms.

    Sprintax Contact Information:
        You will receive an email with Sprintax login information.
        Log in to see resources, FAQs, and chat options.
        Enquiries can be made online.

Contact Information and Social Media:

    Location: 8600 University Blvd, Evansville, IN 47712
    Phone: 812-464-8600
    Email: Contact form available on the website
    Social Media: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram
URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/student-services/us-taxes-for-international-students