URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/faculty-resources
cleanedDataText/international_faculty-resources.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/faculty-resources
Faculty Resources at the Center for International Programs

    Contact: University Center East, Room 1235, Phone: 812-465-1248, Email provided on the site.
    Social Media Channels: Facebook, Instagram.

Services Offered:

    Leading a Short-Term Program Abroad:
        USI policy regarding program administration must be followed.
        The Center for International Programs maintains the program website and manages required documents.
        Provides information, resources, and consultation for program directors on health and safety concerns.
        Assists with pre-departure orientation and re-entry programs.
        Provides emergency action protocol for program directors abroad to contact USI on a 24-hour basis.
        Coordinates on-campus action of the Study Abroad Risk Management Task Force in case of emergencies abroad.

    International Faculty Visiting USI:
        Invitations to visiting international faculty must be approved by department chairs and deans.
        Specific details, responsibilities, term of appointment, and benefits should be determined before issuing a formal invitation.
        Consultation with the Center for International Programs is recommended to determine visa requirements.
        The Center for International Programs issues the DS-2019 form for J-1 exchange visitor visas.

    Teaching Exchange Opportunities:
        Short-term and long-term assignments available under exchange agreements with partner institutions.
        Opportunities with University of Applied Sciences (Osnabrueck, Germany) and Harlaxton College (United Kingdom).

    Guidelines for Establishing an International Partnership:
        Proposals must be supported by department chairs and deans.
        Terms of Memorandum of Understanding should include specific dates and guidelines for renewal/termination of agreement.
        Proposals are reviewed by the International Student Advisory Committee.

    Faculty Global Engagement Initiatives:
        Example of a teaching exchange between USI and Hochschule Osnabrück University of Applied Sciences.

Socials:
    - Center for International Programs Facebook page.
    - Center for International Programs Instagram page.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/faculty-resources