URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions
cleanedDataText/international_admissions.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions
International Admissions

Center for International Programs offers services and resources for international students at the University of Southern Indiana (USI). This includes International Admissions, Intensive English Program, International Student Services, Study Abroad, International Engagement on Campus, Faculty Resources, and additional forms and resources.

Tuition & Fees: Information about international tuition and fees at USI.

How to Apply: Steps to apply for international admission to USI.

International Scholarships: Information about scholarships available for international students.

Individual Virtual Appointments: Schedule an individual virtual appointment with an International Admissions representative.

Contact: Address, phone number, and email for International Admissions.

Social Media: Links to Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram pages for International Admissions.

Bienvenidos a la Universidad del Sur de Indiana (Welcome to the University of Southern Indiana) in Spanish. PDF available.

Welcome to the University of Southern Indiana: Quick overview of USI, located in Evansville, Indiana, USA.

About USI: Information about the university and its offerings.

Academics: Overview of academic programs at USI.

Tuition & Fees: Brief information about tuition and fees.

How to Apply: Steps to apply for admission to USI.

International Scholarships: Link to information about scholarships for international students.

Campus Tour: Link to take a virtual tour of the campus.

Request Information: Form to request more information about USI.

After You're Admitted: Information for students who have been admitted to USI.

Connect with USI: Links to USI's social media channels.

Contact USI: Address, phone number, and email for contacting USI.

Website footer: Links to USI's campus map, virtual tour, sitemap, calendar, employment information, privacy notice, emergency info, and copyright information.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/international/admissions