URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-electrical-engineering
cleanedDataText/science_engineering_program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes_program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-electrical-engineering.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-electrical-engineering
Program Educational Objectives & Student Outcomes - Electrical Engineering

Program Educational Objectives:

1. Within five years, most graduates are working in electrical engineering or related technical fields.
2. Within five years, graduates demonstrate professional development through their pursuit of professional certification, advanced degrees, and/or assume leadership roles in their workplace, profession, and/or community.

Student Outcomes:

The USI BSEE Student Outcomes align with the ABET General Criterion 3 "1 through 7," as shown below:

1. An ability to identify, formulate, and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science, and mathematics.
2. An ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety, and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental, and economic factors.
3. An ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences.
4. An ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, which must consider the impact of engineering solutions in global, economics, environmental, and societal contexts.
5. An ability to function effectively on a team whose members together provide leadership, create a collaborative and inclusive environment, establish goals, plan tasks, and meet objectives.
6. An ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions.
7. An ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies.

For more information, contact:
8600 University Blvd
Phone: 812-464-8600
Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-electrical-engineering