URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry
cleanedDataText/science_chemistry.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry
Chemistry and Biochemistry Department at USI

Mission: The Chemistry and Biochemistry Department at USI aims to provide students with exceptional educational opportunities, a curriculum accredited by the American Chemical Society, and a stimulating learning environment. Through close interactions with faculty, access to state-of-the-art equipment, and direct involvement in experimentation and research, students are encouraged to learn and grow as scientists.

Programs Offered:

    Majors:
        - Biochemistry (ACS Approved)
        - Chemistry (ACS Approved)
        - Biochemistry (Non-ACS Approved)
        - Chemistry (Non-ACS Approved)
        - Science Teaching

    Minors:
        - Biochemistry
        - Chemistry
        - Science Teaching, Elementary Education

    Pre-Professional Studies:
        - Pre-Dentistry
        - Pre-Medicine
        - Pre-Optometry
        - Pre-Pharmacy
        - Pre-Physician Assistant
        - Pre-Veterinary

    Undergraduate Certificates:
        - Pre-Medical Sciences

Curriculum and Learning Environment:

    Accreditation: The curriculum is accredited by the American Chemical Society.
    Student-to-Faculty Ratio: Small student-to-faculty ratio ensures personalized attention and interaction.
    Professor-Taught Classes: Courses are taught by professors, promoting a high-quality learning experience.
    Research Opportunities: Students have access to state-of-the-art equipment and participate in experimentation and research.
    Networking: Attending seminars and chemistry meetings allows students to network early in their careers.

Faculty and Student Resources:

    Advising Information
    Instrumentation
    Faculty Research
    Student Research
    Student Organizations

Careers and Alumni:

    Careers: Graduates from the Chemistry and Biochemistry Department are successful in various career paths including academia, industry, and government. Some career options include physician, research scientist, pharmacist, professor/teacher, environmental scientist, polymer chemist/material scientist, quality control analyst, forensic scientist, pharmaceutical scientist, and toxicologist.
    Scholarships and Awards: The department offers scholarships and awards specifically for majors in the department.
    Alumni Employers: Graduates have been employed by companies and organizations such as AstraZeneca, Mead Johnson, Boeing, Eli Lilly and Company, Monsanto, Argonne National Laboratory, and more.
    Selected Professional and Graduate Programs: Graduates have been accepted into professional and graduate programs at universities such as Indiana University, Northwestern University, Michigan State University, and Washington University.

Student Spotlights:

The Chemistry and Biochemistry Department at USI has produced successful alumni who have pursued various careers and further education. Some notable alumni include:

    Dr. Stephanie Poland '09: Associate Professor of Chemistry, Rose Hulman Institute of Technology
    Dr. Chelsea McElroy '13: Assistant Professor, Division of Hospital Medicine, University of Nebraska Medical Center; Pediatric Hospitalist, Boys Town National Research Hospital
    Katelyn DeTalente '15: Senior Quality Control Specialist, AstraZeneca
    Samantha Turner '18: Industrial Management QAQC Manager, Valero Renewables
    Paige Holley '20: Coatings Chemist, Red Spot Paints
    Bi Yu You '13: High School Teacher
    Dr. Lexis Will '18: Chemistry
    Dr. Joe Kawa '12: Clinical Specialist Pharmacist, Omnicare
    Sarah Koester '18: PhD Candidate
    Bryson Jenkins '17: General Surgery Resident
    Thad Whittington '15: Quality Assurance Manager

Connect with USI:

    Social Media Channels: Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram
    Contact Information: SC 2255, 812-464-1701, Email
URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry