URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry/instrumentation
cleanedDataText/science_chemistry_instrumentation.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry/instrumentation
Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education - Instrumentation

Faculty:

Faculty members specializing in Instrumentation.

Program Objectives and Student Outcomes:

Program objectives and outcomes for the Instrumentation program.

Student Organizations:

Student organizations related to the Instrumentation program.

Student Resources:

Resources available for students in the Instrumentation program.

Advising Information:

Information about academic advising for Instrumentation students.

Instrumentation:

Details about the instruments used in the Instrumentation program.

Faculty Research:

Information about research conducted by faculty members in the Instrumentation program.

Student Research:

Details about research projects carried out by students in the Instrumentation program.

Contact:

Contact information for the Instrumentation department.

NMR Spectroscopy:

Details about the NMR Spectroscopy equipment available, including the JEOL 400 MHz ECS and Varian E360.

Atomic Spectroscopy:

Information about the Atomic Spectroscopy equipment, including Agilent Technologies 4200-Microwave Plasma Atomic Emission Spectroscopy and Varian SpectrAA 220/FS Atomic Absorption Spectrometer.

Infrared Spectroscopy:

Details about the Infrared Spectroscopy equipment, including Bruker, Perkin-Elmer Spectrum 2, and Nicolet Nexus 670.

Raman Spectroscopy:

Information about the Raman Spectroscopy equipment, including Horiba MacroRAM.

UV-Vis-NIR Spectroscopy:

Details about the UV-Vis-NIR Spectroscopy equipment, including Agilent Technologies Cary Series 5000 UV-VIS-NIR and Varian Cary 300 Bio.

Liquid Chromatography:

Information about the Liquid Chromatography equipment, including Dionex UltiMate 3000 UHPLC and Agilent HP 1100's and HP 1090's.

Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry:

Details about the Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry equipment, including Agilent 7890B Series GC and 5977B EI MSD.

Fluorescence Spectroscopy:

Information about the Fluorescence Spectroscopy equipment, including Horiba Fluoromax Plus and Horiba Fluoromax 4.

Thermal Analysis:

Details about the Thermal Analysis equipment, including Thermogravimetric Analysis (TGA-50) and Differential Scanning Calorimeters.

Inert/Dry Reaction:

Information about the Inert/Dry Reaction equipment, including Inert Atmosphere Glove Box and Solvent Purification System.

Microwave Digester:

Details about the Microwave Digester equipment, including Milestone Microwave Lab Systems.

Cyclic Voltammetry:

Information about the Cyclic Voltammetry equipment, including BASi Eplison EClipse.

Contact:

Contact information for the Chemistry and Biochemistry department.

In summary, the Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education offers a variety of programs and resources related to Instrumentation, and students can access various equipment and technologies for their studies and research in the field.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/chemistry/instrumentation