URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/advising-information
cleanedDataText/science_geology-and-physics_advising-information.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/advising-information
Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education Advising Information:

    Geology and Physics faculty members are available for academic planning, career goals, and professional development discussions.
    Close collaboration between students and faculty advisors is encouraged for success.
    Use the USI Advising Handbook for assistance in course scheduling and learning about campus resources.

Degree Programs Offered:

    Geology:
        B.S./B.A. degree in Geology prepares students for careers as professional geologists or further study in geology.
        Contact the Geology and Physics Department for more information.
    Environmental Science:
        B.S. degree in Environmental Science prepares students for environmental careers or further study in environmental science or related fields.
        Contact the Geology and Physics Department for more information.

Academic Support Services:

    Student Advising and Resource Center:
        Assists first-year students, transfer students preparing to be admitted to their major, or Pott College students with academic and career advising.
    Academic Skills:
        Offers tutoring, supplemental instruction, and report writing assistance.
    Career Services and Internships:
        Provides career development services, workshops, career fairs, resume review, and mock interviews.
    Counseling Center:
        Supports students in fulfilling their academic and personal goals.

Course Repeat Form:

    If repeating a class for the third or subsequent time, complete the "Course Repeat Form" to have a productive conversation with an advisor about academic success and available resources.

Relevant Contacts:

    Dr. William S. Elliott, Jr.:
        Interim Dean of the Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education
        Professor of Geology
        Contact for Environmental Science and Geology majors, Earth-Space concentration in Secondary Education, and Geology and Geography minors.
    Dr. Kent W. Scheller:
        Professor of Physics
        Contact for Biophysics and Physics majors, Physics and Physical Science in Secondary Education, and Physics minors.


URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/advising-information