URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-manufacturing-engineering
cleanedDataText/science_engineering_program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes_program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-manufacturing-engineering.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-manufacturing-engineering
Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education - Manufacturing Engineering Program

    Degrees and Programs

    Program Educational Objectives:
        1. Build a record of successful work experiences in recognizing manufacturing issues and implementing effective solutions.
        2. Demonstrate professional development through pursuit of professional certification and/or advanced degrees.
        3. Assume greater responsibility or leadership roles in their workplace, profession, and/or community.

    Scholarships and Aid
    Faculty Awards and Recognition
    Advising Information
    Engineering Student Resources

    Mechanical Engineering Program Student Outcomes:
        1. An ability to identify, formulate, and solve complex engineering problems by applying principles of engineering, science, and mathematics.
        2. An ability to apply engineering design to produce solutions that meet specified needs with consideration of public health, safety, and welfare, as well as global, cultural, social, environmental, and economic factors.
        3. An ability to communicate effectively with a range of audiences.
        4. An ability to recognize ethical and professional responsibilities in engineering situations and make informed judgments, considering the impact of engineering solutions in global, economic, environmental, and societal contexts.
        5. An ability to function effectively on a team, providing leadership, creating a collaborative and inclusive environment, establishing goals, planning tasks, and meeting objectives.
        6. An ability to develop and conduct appropriate experimentation, analyze and interpret data, and use engineering judgment to draw conclusions.
        7. An ability to acquire and apply new knowledge as needed, using appropriate learning strategies.

    Contact Information:
        Email: Provided on the site
        Facebook: Engineering page



URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/engineering/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes/program-educational-objectives-student-outcomes-manufacturing-engineering