URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/physics/research
cleanedDataText/science_geology-and-physics_physics_research.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/physics/research
University of Southern Indiana (USI) - Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education

    Programs Offered:

        Biology
        Chemistry and Biochemistry
        Engineering
        Geology, Physics and Environmental Science
        Kinesiology and Sport
        Mathematical Sciences
        Teacher Education
        Pre-Professional Studies

    Geology, Physics and Environmental Science

        Geology
        Environmental Science
        Physics

        Program Objectives & Outcomes
        Faculty
        Student Organizations
        Awards and Recognition
        Advising Information
        Field Trips
        Careers in Environmental Science and Geology
        New Harmony Physics

    Physics Program

        Opportunities in experimental condensed matter physics, experimental nuclear physics, theoretical astrophysics, radio astronomy, physics education, and computational (bio)physics.
        Physics faculty available to work with undergraduate students on their projects.
        Research areas:
            Experimental Nuclear Physics - Researching radioactive sources in geological formations, plasma formation in the upper atmosphere, proton-induced x-ray emission studies, and sputtering of thin films on optical surfaces.
            Experimental Condensed Matter Physics - Investigating properties of materials in extreme conditions of high pressure, high magnetic field, and low temperatures at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory in Tallahassee, FL.
            Particle-Astrophysics - Focusing on sub-fields related to particle-astrophysics, including quantum gravitational collapse, cosmological de Sitter space particle production, alternative models for the expansion of the universe, and the topology of the universe. Establishing a quantum mechanics lab.
            Radio Astronomy and Communication Systems - Specializing in instrumentation for radio astronomy and communication systems. Working on the GUSTO project and developing a balloon-based communication satellite for high-speed interplanetary communications.
            Astrophysics - Studying the physics concepts behind objects in the universe, particularly active galactic nuclei. Involves data processing, analysis, and computer programming.

    Contact Information:
        Science Center 2214
        Phone: 812-461-5326
        Email provided on the site.
URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/physics/research