URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/new-harmony/geologists-of-new-harmony
cleanedDataText/science_geology-and-physics_new-harmony_geologists-of-new-harmony.txt

URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/new-harmony/geologists-of-new-harmony
Geologists of New Harmony

    Gerard Troost

        Born in Den Bosch, Netherlands.
        World-renowned mineralogist.
        Received a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Leyden.
        Studied at the School of Mines in Paris with mineralogist René Just Haüy.
        Joined the New Harmony social experiment in 1825.
        Became a professor of mineralogy and chemistry at the University of Nashville in 1827.
        State Geologist of Tennessee from 1831 to 1850.
        Developed a method of conducting geological surveys.
        Died from cholera in 1850.

    David Dale Owen

        Third son of Robert Owen.
        Developed geologic knowledge from interactions with William Maclure and Gerard Troost.
        State Geologist for Indiana from 1836 to 1839.
        U.S. Geologist from 1839 to 1840 and 1847 to 1851.
        Proposed the use of Seneca Creek Sandstone for the construction of the Smithsonian Institution.
        State Geologist for Kentucky from 1854 to 1857.
        State Geologist for Arkansas from 1857 to 1859.
        Indiana State Geologist from 1859 to 1860.
        Focused on the economic importance of natural resources and westward expansion.
        Conducted geological studies in various buildings in New Harmony.

    Joseph Norwood

        Earned a Doctor of Medicine degree at Transylvania Medical College.
        Worked under David Dale Owen on field surveys.
        Illinois State Geologist.
        Dismissed from the Illinois post in 1858.
        Became State Geologist of Missouri.

    Richard Owen

        Fourth son of Robert Owen.
        Worked with David Dale Owen on a geological survey of northern Minnesota and Lake Superior.
        Became the second State Geologist of Indiana after David Dale's death.
        Professor of Natural Science at Indiana University.
        First president of Purdue University briefly.
        Accidentally died from ingesting embalming fluid.

    Edward Cox

        Assistant to David Dale Owen in early geological surveys of Kentucky.
        Appointed as State Geologist of Indiana in 1869.
        Completed ten reports for the state.
        Established the Indiana Geological Survey.
        Edward Cox Collection housed in the Working Men's Institute.

    Leo Lesquereux

        Born in Fleurier, Switzerland.
        Renowned paleobotanist.
        Developed a hypothesis on the origin of coal measures.
        Collaborated with David Dale Owen on geological reports.
        Published "Atlas to the Coal Flora of Pennsylvania and the Carboniferous Formation throughout the United States."

Additional Resources:

    Hendrickson, W. B. (1943). Pioneer Geologist of the Middle West: Indiana Historical Bureau.
    Kimberling, C. (1996). David Dale Owen and Joseph Granville Norwood: Pioneer Geologists in Indiana and Illinois. Indiana Magazine of History.
    Straw, W.T., and Doss, P.K. (2008). David Dale Owen and the geological enterprise of New Harmony, Indiana, with a companion roadside geology of Vanderburgh and Posey Counties. Geological Society of America Field Guide.
    Thomas, S. F., and Hannibal, J. T. (2008). Revisiting New Harmony in the footsteps of Maximilian, the Prince of Wied; David Dale Owen; Charles Lesueur; and other early naturalists. Geological Society of America Field Guide.

Contact:
    Science Center 2214
    Email provided on the site
    Pott College of Science, Engineering, and Education Facebook 
URL: https://www.usi.edu/science/geology-and-physics/new-harmony/geologists-of-new-harmony